Here is a section of the wiki page for Chloe Price:

## Episode Three - "[Episode 3: Chaos Theory](chaos_theory.md)" 
Max is awoken at the start of the episode by a text from Chloe, asking her to meet at the front of Blackwell's campus. Chloe jumps Max when she approaches, screaming "Boo-yah" as a joke, which Max does not appreciate. Chloe reveals that she believes all the happenings in Arcadia Bay are connected, and that the answer can be found in [Raymond Wells](principal_wells.md)'s office. She shows Max David's spare keys, and the two head off to explore the school at night. They come across [Victoria Chase](victoria_chase.md) and [Mark Jefferson](mr__jefferson.md) on their way towards the front of the building. As they enter the principal's secretary's office, they realize the keys to the office are missing. Max devises a pipe bomb with help from [Warren Graham](warren_graham.md), and the two break into the office. Chloe is determined that she can pick the lock before Max "cheats with her rewind", but ultimately fails.

They explore the office together, Chloe checking the computer and indulging in the ugly but highly comfortable chair at the desk. Max obtains the student records of herself, Kate Marsh, Victoria Chase, Nathan Prescott, Warren Graham, and Rachel Amber. Chloe finds a reference to Rachel Amber in the form of a cryptic message of "Rachel in the [Dark Room (Location)](dark_room.md)" within what looks at first glance to be a drawing by Nathan that is stored on the principal's computer. As they leave, Chloe searches through the principal's desk drawers and uncovers an envelope full of money that it also labeled as the school's handicapped fund. Chloe thinks the five thousand dollars would be enough to pay off Frank and to drive out of town. Max may rewind time to see Chloe's response to Max's decision with the money before leaving the office.

Take the money Take the money  Max thinks that they may get divine retribution for doing such a deed, but considering Chloe's debt and Frank threatening her and demanding Chloe to repay him by Friday, Max reasons that Frank may be more inclined to tell them about Rachel Amber if they pay off Chloe's debt by taking the money. Max thinks of repaying the money they stole at a later time. Chloe looks visibly pleased and relieved her debt problem with Frank will be over.
|-|Didn't take the money # Didn't take the money  Max thinks it wasn't worth getting into trouble and risking divine retribution for stealing the money meant for the school's handicapped fund. Chloe feels disappointed and puts the money back inside the drawer.

After leaving the office, Chloe suggests to Max that they have a late-night swim at the [Blackwell Swimming Pool](blackwell_swimming_pool.md) as they will have it all to themselves. Although hesitant, as they were breaking into Blackwell property and breaking Max's night curfew, Max finds herself unable to refuse Chloe's offer as she feels she needs some time alone with Chloe after the day's events. They both talk about Max's powers and her relationship to Warren. As they are about to leave the pool area, Blackwell security arrives to search the building, having discovered evidence of a break-in. Chloe's [Chloe's Truck](pickup_truck.md) is spotted by a security officer as they speed away, tires screeching. Chloe tells Max she should stay at her place for the night as it's too risky for Max to return to her [Prescott Dormitory](dormitory.md), jokingly labeling her best friend a "Blackwell fugitive."

The following day, Max takes her usual daily selfie with Chloe lying on the bed next to her. Chloe's mood and mobile phone messages to Frank Bowers about her debt will be dependent on whether Max allowed her to take the money from the school's handicapped fund. Chloe's mobile phone background picture will also be dependent on whether Max took the blame for her when David caught Chloe with weed in her bedroom, didn't answer Kate's phone call in the diner, tried to shoot Frank in the junkyard, and whether Max allowed Chloe to take the fund money. The background picture can change from Rachel to Max.

Max will see a book on [Media:Note3-chloeroom-weatherbook.png](mystic_weather_supernatural_sciences.md) by Doctor J. Karswell on Chloe's desk which Max thinks is "so damn cute" that Chloe is making such an effort in trying to find out more about Max's tornado vision and the snowfall. Max may check [Chloe's Computer](chloe_s_laptop.md) to see news on Kate's suicide attempt the day before as well as news about the break-in at Blackwell. Max may check Chloe's wallet in the room to find the butterfly photo she took from Max in exchange for William's analog camera. Max may also check Chloe's desk drawer to find an old mobile flip phone they had decorated together in their younger years when Max was still in Arcadia Bay. When Max checks her clothes to find they still reek of chlorine, Chloe suggests that Max try out some of Rachel's clothes in the wardrobe as she is approximately the same size as Max. When Max expresses hesitation at wearing clothes meant for Rachel, Chloe tries to encourage Max to try them on and jokes that Max can always rewind to go back to wearing her "chlorine brand T-shirt and generic jeans." Chloe also makes a bold suggestion that Max kiss her as a dare. When Max reacts with initial surprise, Chloe escalates it to a double dare.

Kiss Chloe Kiss Chloe  Chloe takes a few steps back in surprise after Max kisses her and she remarks that Max is "hardcore" and Chloe jokes that she will text Warren that he doesn't stand a chance unless he's into girl-on-girl action. It's later revealed that she really texted Warren. Max will think that kiss was priceless to Chloe.
|-|Didn't kiss Chloe # Didn't kiss Chloe  Chloe returns to her bed and remarks that she wasn't that easy to allow any 

Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.