Here is a section of the wiki page for Chloe Price:

## Episode Two - "[Episode 2: Out of Time](out_of_time.md)" 
Max heads out of Blackwell grounds to meet Chloe at the [Two Whales Diner](two_whales_diner.md), where Chloe's mother, Joyce, works as a waitress. Chloe arrives late and is punished by her mother for her sass by giving her less bacon. Joyce mentions that Chloe probably has her entire college fund tied up in her diner tab. Chloe wants proof of Max's new-found powers. Max obliges by telling her the contents of her pockets: a parking ticket for 10:34 am, a pack of 7 cigarettes, a robot panda key-chain and 86 cents. For further proof, Max tells Chloe she will "predict four events that will happen in the next 30 seconds or so" to Chloe's amazement. Max gets a nosebleed from over-using her powers. Chloe then asks Max to come with her to a secret spot in order to further test her powers.

Before leaving, Max will get a phone call from [Kate Marsh](kate_marsh.md). Max will have to choose whether to answer or not.

If Max answersIf Max answers If Max stops to answer the phone and comfort Kate, she will feel better about her situation at Blackwell and appreciate the support. However, Chloe will be caught by Joyce and the two will argue. Chloe doesn't appreciate that Max fobbed her off for one of the new Blackwell friends she sees everyday. 
|-|If Max doesn't answer# If Max doesn't answer Kate will feel more abandoned later on in the game if Max doesn't answer, but Chloe will be happy to escape the diner before her mother can start a fight between them.

Watched by Frank as they leave the diner, the two leave for the junkyard. Chloe introduces it as "American Rust" and her "home away from Hell." It's clear that she hangs out there a lot. Drinking, she asks Max to fetch more beer bottles from around the yard to set up a gun range. During the collection of the bottles, Max finds a hideaway belonging to Chloe and Rachel. The graffiti and belongings of the girls are evidenced around the hideaway, emphasizing how close they were.

Max then helps Chloe aim at the shooting range, rewinding for more impressive shots on the bottles, nearby objects, and an old car. If Chloe shoots the car bumper, she accidentally shoots herself, causing Max to rewind again. Max passes out from using her power too much and awakens to Chloe comforting her. Chloe sits on the hood of a car, waiting for her friend to recover enough to have her turn at shooting. As Max handles the gun, Frank shows up, having followed them and heard the gun noises and breaking glass. He threatens Chloe, demanding the money she owes him. Mid-conversation, Chloe notices a bracelet on Frank's wrist belonging to Rachel. She interrupts him angrily, demanding to know where he got the bracelet. He pulls a knife on her, and Max intervenes by revealing the gun and aiming at Frank.

If Max shoots FrankIf Max shoots Frank As Max pulls the trigger, the gun clicks, out of ammo. Frank is pissed, saying he will remember that you tried to shoot him. However, Chloe is impressed and commends you for how badass you are.
|-|If Max doesn't shoot# If Max doesn't shoot If Max fails to pull the trigger, Frank leans forwards and takes the gun. He leaves, and Chloe seems unimpressed that you lost her only form of protection against her enemies.

Chloe asks to leave the junkyard to clear her head, and the two girls walk along the [Train Tracks](train_tracks.md) together. They both lie down and talk about Arcadia Bay and Rachel, and Chloe gets into trouble again as she gets her foot stuck in the tracks just as a train is approaching.

Didn't damage the train tracksDidn't damage the train tracksMax saves Chloe by obtaining a crowbar to open the door to a small office and finding a pair of wirecutters inside. Max uses this pair of wirecutters on the fuse box by the tracks to cut a set of red wires, which releases the tracks' grip on Chloe, allowing her to escape.
|-|Damaged the train tracks# Damaged the train tracks Max saves Chloe by pushing a large bollard onto the tracks. This results in the tracks breaking, but Chloe being able to run away. This effects the Trucker's mood outside the Diner in Episode 3. He becomes impatient because the shipment he's waiting for has not yet arrived due to a train track error.

Chloe is impressed with Max having saved her again and they both head back to Blackwell to let Max get to her [Photography Lab](art_class.md). Chloe drops her off at the school before leaving.

Chloe is later seen sitting alone on the bench at the lighthouse and texting Max while an eclipse occurs, telling her best friend that it's freaking her out. She receives texts from Max to say they should find out what is happening. Together.



Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.