Here is a section of the wiki page for Chloe Price:

## Episode One - "[Episode 1: Chrysalis](chrysalis.md)" 
Max unknowingly encounters Chloe in the girls' bathroom of Blackwell, arguing with Nathan Prescott. Chloe tries to blackmail him; keeping quiet about his drug-dealing in exchange for cash. Nathan accidentally shoots her in the stomach, and Max [Rewind](rewinds.md) time in order to save her, at this point in time not knowing Chloe's true identity as her old best friend. Max succeeds in saving Chloe, and Chloe flees the bathroom.

Chloe runs into Max again in Blackwell's [Blackwell Parking Lot](parking_lot.md) as Max is confronted by Nathan, who accuses her of spying on the argument in the bathroom. She rescues Max, driving away from the Academy to her house. In the car, Chloe is accusatory about Max abandoning her for Seattle and not keeping in touch, although she also seems happy to be reconnecting with her childhood best friend.

Back in her house, Chloe smokes weed in her [Chloe's Room](bedroom.md); ignoring the etiquette of smoking by not offering a draw to Max, perhaps implying that she thinks Max is not rebellious enough to handle the drugs, or perhaps that Chloe is too selfish and addicted to share with her old friend, or simply assuming Max wasn't the type for smoking weed.

Max can search around the bedroom, and there are many different keepsakes of Chloe and Max's childhood together, including a now-ruined height chart on the wall, created by Chloe's father to keep track of their height. She comments that Chloe was always taller than her. Chloe keeps old drawings from their tween years depicting the girls as superheroes.

Max will discover a lock-box filled with mementos of Rachel Amber, and Chloe confides in Max about her. Their friendship was evidently strong, as Chloe reveals that the many missing person posters around the town of Arcadia Bay were put up by her in a bid to find Rachel. Chloe comments that Rachel "saved her life" and was her "angel". She becomes obviously upset as she remembers her friend, daydreaming thoughtfully as Max puts on the CD, and asks to be alone.

When Max returns to the bedroom, Chloe notices it was Max who saved her earlier in the girls' bathroom and sets aside her joint to present Max with her father's old camera which she wants to give Max since she knows last month was her birthday, proving that she trusts Max again. Chloe becomes more light-hearted, blaring loud music and dancing on her bed while smoking. She asks Max to take a picture and dance with her. The two are interrupted by Chloe's step-father coming home and complaining about the loud music. We find out her step-father is actually David Madsen, Head of Security at Blackwell.This can be figured out beforehand by searching the drawers in Chloe's garage, and finding David's ID cards and Blackwell Security card. Chloe asks Max to hide so that David won't find out about her having a stranger in the house. This implies that Chloe would have strangers over frequently enough for David to be uncomfortable with it.

If Max doesn't hide, but takes the blameIf Max doesn't hide, but takes the blame Chloe blames Max for the joint. Max can choose whether or not she takes the blame. If you take the blame, David will threaten Max's scholarship and warn her to stay away from the house. Chloe will be impressed that you took the blame for her, and considers it an epic win against David. She then waits for Max on the bed.
|-|If Max doesn't hide, but blames Chloe# If Max doesn't hide, but blames Chloe Chloe blames Max for the joint. Max can choose whether or not she takes the blame. If you blame Chloe, David accuses Max of getting "good friend rates" for the weed, because Chloe has all the best shit. Chloe antagonizes him, swearing and calling him a pig. He hits her in the face and Max comforts her. He seems sad, but tells her she was asking for it. He threatens Max's well-being at Blackwell and warns her away from the house. Chloe is upset with Max, feeling betrayed again. She wishes she hadn't even seen Max, and immediately leaves the house.
|-|If Max intervenesIf Max intervenes If Max hides, but intervenes to take the blame for the joint, Chloe is impressed with her and the loyalty she shows. Although Max is threatened by David concerning her scholarship and warns her to stay away from the house, Chloe confides in her that she is responsible for taking the missing gun, and shows the gun to Max before they leave the house.
|-|If Max remains hidden# If Max remains hidden If Max stays hidden for the entire confrontation, Chloe antagonizes David, saying she wishes he would leave her mother and her alone, and stop treating them like a platoon. David hits Chloe across her face. He apologizes, and says that she keeps pushing him. When he leaves, Max apologizes for not stepping in, but Chloe resolves that he would have been nastier if he had seen her in the room. Chloe is unhappy and contemplative for the rest of the episode.

The two girls then exit the house through the window, as Chloe does frequently, and end up at the [lighthouse](lighthouse.md). Chloe confides in Max that she was drugged by Nathan Prescott when she had gone back to his dorm room after meeting him in a "shithole bar" that didn't ask her for ID, and that she awoke to find him crawling towards her with a camera. Chloe tells Max she tried to blackmail him after that, and so they met up in the Blackwell bathroom. This makes Max feel shocked and angry. Chloe admits that she would like to drop a bomb on Arcadia and turn it to glass.This could be a reference to revealing everyone's secrets in the town; glass is transparent.  After Max collapses from a vision and tries to relay it to Chloe, Chloe initially doesn't believe her, advising her to get high to get over her delusions. However, the snowflakes that start to fall in the 80-degree weather makes Chloe suddenly take her best friend seriously and asks Max to tell her everything, starting from the beginning.



Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.