Here is a section of the wiki page for Chloe and Rachel:

roles, Prospera. Her understudy, however, is Victoria Chase. Chloe comes along to support Rachel, but things soon go haywire. Chloe sees Victoria make tea for herself and Rachel, but drug Rachel's tea. Chloe can either tell Rachel, or distract Victoria. If Chloe distracts Victoria, she can switch the cups, and Victoria will offer the tea, drink hers, and be drugged. If you tell Rachel, she will act surprised and say that Victoria would never do anything like that, and Chloe will tell her to drink Rachel's cup to prove it. Either way, Rachel will be thankful for your assistance. It turns out, however, that the fire prevents one of the actresses, Juliet, from being able to come to the performance. Victoria accuses Rachel of being on drugs, in a very drunken manner, then collapses. Rachel volunteers Chloe to stand in for the missing role. After some convincing, she does it. *"For me, okay?" "...Fine". *The play goes smooth, the player choosing the correct lines some of the time, until Rachel breaks off script, going on a personal monologue. They return to script and the real actor arrives. The play finishes, and they both bow. The two go for a walk in Rachel's neighborhood. They joke around, and then Rachel proposes that they run away. Chloe is initially hesitant, asking a few player-driven questions, but eventually gives in. She can choose one of three locations to run off to, and in case of choosing Los Angeles, will comment: ''"He'll say, "I like your eyes" and I'll say, "Back off, she's with me."''. Then, Rachel asks Chloe what it takes to convince her to follow along. Chloe can either choose to give Rachel a tattoo, take her bracelet, or, if she has been maintaining a romantic relationship route with Rachel beforehand, ask for a kiss. Choosing the bracelet contributes to the chance of Rachel meeting Sera in the game's ending. The length of the kiss depends on Chloe's earlier choices. If you did not go on the romantic route, you will not get the option at all.

Chloe and Rachel decide to leave Arcadia Bay for good. They visit the Amber house for supplies, only to be stopped by Rachel's parents. At dinner, despite Chloe's best attempts to calm her down, Rachel becomes enraged at her father's perceived infidelity, leading to a heated argument between Chloe and the Ambers. Rachel smashes the dinner table in rage, demanding to know the identity of the woman in the park, and James confesses that she is Rachel's biological mother.

After learning about James' history with Sera, Chloe cheers up Rachel in her room. Rachel in turn realizes that Chloe is the only person she can trust, and the two make plans to meet Sera with help from Frank. The next morning, after Chloe repairs her truck in the junkyard and takes it for a test drive, Rachel arrives and complements Chloe's new look, particularly her new blue bang. Frank comes as promised, but his boss, Damon Merrick has tagged along, curious about their interest in Sera. The meeting goes south when Damon deduces that Rachel is the daughter of the District Attorney and plans to use her to get James off his back. Rachel fights back, but Chloe can only watch as Damon stabs her in the arm. Chloe quickly rushes Rachel to the hospital while Frank holds off Damon.

At the hospital, once Rachel's condition has stabilized, she urges Chloe to find Sera and gives her the code to her father's office so she'll have a better chance of doing so. After dealing with Damon and Sera, Chloe can choose to tell Rachel the truth about James, ruining her relationship with her father, or say nothing. Depending on the choices made during Chloe's meeting with Sera, Rachel can meet her mother for the first time at the lighthouse as Chloe watches. Regardless of the player's decision, Chloe and Rachel remain close companions.

Three years later, Chloe repeatedly texts Rachel asking where she is. Unbeknownst to Chloe, Rachel is trapped in the Dark Room, at the mercy of either Mark Jefferson or Nathan Prescott. 

Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.