Here is a section of the wiki page for Chloe Price:

## Episode Four - "[Episode 4: Dark Room](dark_room.md)" 
While taking a walk along the [beach](beach.md), Chloe explains how she got into a car accident which caused her disability. A person in an SUV cut Chloe off and caused her to run into a ditch. It is evident that Chloe's disability has been very hard on her parents. Max finds signs of debt throughout the house as she goes to get Chloe's medicine, and she learns that Chloe's lung capacity is diminishing and only has a certain amount of time before she dies. Chloe tells Max that she knows that she is dying and wishes her time with Max to be her last memory. Max has the choice to give or not to give Chloe an overdose of the morphine medicine that she takes as a painkiller. If Max gives Chloe an overdose, Chloe will thank her before dying. If Max does not give Chloe an overdose, Chloe will lash out at her, angry that her best friend wouldn't help her with this final request.

Max discovers that the last photo William took - the same one as she used to create this timeline - is in one of Chloe's photo albums, so Max uses this to return to the [Timeline](original_timeline.md).

Max now finds herself in Chloe's bedroom back in the original timeline. She rushes over to hug Chloe joyfully upon seeing her, and if Max decided to kiss her earlier, Chloe will joke, "You get one kiss and now you're all over me?" 
Max discovers that Chloe has been helping her investigate Rachel Amber's disappearance and Kate Marsh's suicide (or suicide attempt) while she was in the other timeline and that they've been up all night, and Chloe has kept herself awake by drinking coffee. It is assumed here that the Max that Chloe had been helping is an "Auto Max" that carried on in the timeline while Max has jumped to another.

They decide to search for information gleaned from David Madsen, Nathan Prescott, and Frank Bowers. While Max is looking for further [Investigation Files](clues.md) in David's garage, Chloe searches the Internet.Chloe reads about the [Tobanga Totem](tobanga_totem.md), finding out that it's perhaps Arcadia Bay's oldest totem and that no tribe has claimed ownership of the Tobanga. Plus, Chloe likes to say "Tobanga."

Kate SurvivedKate SurvivedMax says that she first has to check how Kate's doing in the hospital. When the duo arrives there, Chloe says hospitals always freaked her out. She apologizes to Max for preventing her from being Kate's friend and being angry when she called. Chloe says that Max saved Kate similarly to her. Then she patiently waits outside the room while Max chats up with Kate. In the end, Max thanks Chloe for coming with her and they head to Blackwell.

They head to Blackwell's campus to try to obtain further clues from Nathan, and they stumble upon Mr. Jefferson. After Max introduces Chloe, he asks why somebody as cool as Chloe isn't going to Blackwell, to which Chloe responds, "I was way too cool for this school. It’s a long story. In actual files here." When Jefferson tells Max to come to the [End of the World Party](end_of_the_world_party.md), Chloe says she'll be there as "Max's date." As he leaves, Chloe remarks "Hot for teacher" as an observation on Jefferson's appearance as she watches him walk away; this was possibly said for Max's embarrassment.

Max questions the people on campus on Nathan's whereabouts while Chloe chats with [Justin Williams](justin_williams.md). When Max learns from [Michelle Grant](ms__grant.md) that Nathan isn't currently at Blackwell, the girls decide to sneak into his room and search for clues. Chloe guards the dormitory entrance while Max heads to [Nathan's Room](nathan_s_room.md) where Max discovers a phone that Nathan had hidden. As they are leaving with the phone, Nathan suddenly shows up and is angry with them for breaking into his dormitory. Fortunately, Warren is there to help Max. He headbutts Nathan to the ground, and if Max doesn't intervene, beats him up to the point where Nathan cannot get up from the floor, and Chloe picks up Nathan's gun and they go outside. If Max stops Warren, Nathan picks up his gun and limps to his room, making threats.

Warren wants to investigate things with Max, but Chloe tells him it's something that she and Max have to do on their own. Max thanks Warren for his help, and he leaves. Chloe tells Max that Warren is so in love with her, to which Max facepalms herself and replies that she knows. Chloe texts Frank that she has his money and Frank replies he wants to meet right now near his RV.
The dialogue with Frank is complex, but there are three main outcomes:

Chloe killed Frank# Chloe killed FrankFrank and Pompidou both die after being shot, and killed, by Chloe. Max and Chloe steal his account book key from his dead body. Chloe is terrified by the fact that she had to kill a man and a dog.
|-|Chloe wounded FrankChloe wounded FrankFrank is wounded after being either stabbed or shot in the leg by Chloe. He begrudgingly agrees to give Max and Chloe the account book key.
|-|No one got hurt# No one got hurtThe situation is handled well and no one gets hurt. Frank agrees to give you the account book key and becomes an ally in the cause to find Rachel.

The girls finally return to Chloe's house to piece the facts together. Their investigation leads them to an abandoned [barn](barn.md) owned by the Prescott family where they discover a hidden underground bunker which turns out to be the Dark Room that Nathan was repeating over and over in the scribble that they had found on the principal's computer during their break-in at Blackwell. They also discover illegal photography was carried out on Rachel Amber, Kate Marsh, and other missing girls from Arcadia Bay.

Upon seeing Rachel's files, Chloe rushes with Max to the junkyard where they uncover a body at the same spot she recognized in one of the Dark Room pictures - a body which turns out to be Rachel. Enraged, Chloe drives Max to the [End of the World Party](vortex_club_party.md) at Blackwell Academy, hoping to confront Nathan and stop him. However, they fail to find him, and Chloe receives a text message from Nathan saying "there won't be any evidence left after he's done." Chloe and Max rush back to the junkyard in the dark. Suddenly caught by surprise from behind, Max is injected in the neck with a sedative, rendering her unable to use her rewind power. Hearing Max's warning, Chloe turns around in shock, but before she has the opportunity to aim her gun, she is shot in the head by Mr. Jefferson and falls backwards onto Rachel's grave.



Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.