Here is a section of the wiki page for Chloe Price:

kissing on her, Max might already have used her rewind power after kissing her and Chloe jokes that she will text Warren that Max is saving herself all for him. It's later revealed that she really texted Warren. Max will think that Chloe was very bold to suggest such a dare.

After Max puts on Rachel's clothes and finds that they fit her nicely, much to Chloe's approval, Chloe asks Max to go downstairs to start having breakfast before her and occupy her mother, so she can "wake 'n' bake."

When Chloe joins Max and Joyce for breakfast downstairs, Chloe whispers a plan to Max to break into David Madsen's laptop and surveillance system while she starts an argument with Joyce to divert her attention away from Max so Max can slip away into the garage area. As Max rejoins Chloe and Joyce at the dining table, David enters the house, complaining of either being made to stay overnight to write reports about the break-in at Blackwell Academy or having to work part-time to compensate for him being placed on temporary leave from Blackwell. When David sees Max in Rachel's clothes, he comments on Max looking like she's wearing her "Rachel Amber Halloween costume" and Chloe starts an argument with David. Max may choose to side with Chloe or David.

Support DavidSupport David
Max backs David up, saying there is no proof that he has done anything wrong. As far as they know, Nathan is the one at fault. Chloe brings up how shady it is that he has secret files and security cameras. Joyce will put an end to the argument, saying she doesn't want anyone accused of anything in their house. David thanks Max for defending him, and warns her that it's his family. Joyce also thanks Max for defending her family, despite her daughter doing the opposite. Chloe is disappointed, and asks Max to rewind the situation to change the outcome.
|-|Support Chloe# Support Chloe 
Max brings up his threatening attitude towards students, and his unsettling files containing information about Kate and Rachel. She will also bring up the matter about David hitting Chloe, if you chose to stay hidden in Episode 1. Joyce finds the files disturbing, but David refuses to explain his actions regarding the surveillance system. She asks him to leave the house and head to a hotel. David is very hurt by this, and says he never wants to see Max again. Joyce tells Max that David brought this on himself. Chloe asks Max not to rewind on her decision, feeling very pleased with the outcome.

Max tells Chloe that she found evidence in David's files that suggests Rachel was "more than friends" with Frank, which Chloe denies. Max suggests to Chloe that they search [Frank's RV](frank_s_rv.md) to find more information about Rachel Amber. While Chloe searches the area for a food item to distract [Pompidou](frank_s_dog.md), Max obtains the RV keys from Frank through the use of her rewind power. Returning to the RV, Max sees that Chloe found a bone to distract the dog. Max will hand Chloe the keys and take the bone before Chloe proceeds to open the door. When Frank's dog runs at Max, Max has the choice to throw the bone towards the road or into the parking lot.

Throw the bone towards the roadThrow the bone towards the roadIf Max throws the bone towards the road, Frank's dog will get hit by a car.
|-|Throw the bone into the parking lot# Throw the bone into the parking lotIf Max throws the bone into the parking lot, Frank's dog will be safe.

Once in the RV, Chloe sits in the driver's seat and expresses how awesome it would be to cruise around in the RV with Max. Chloe will ask Max if she can see them traveling down the coast to Big Sur and beyond. Max agrees and will mention, if she kissed Chloe earlier, that Chloe would probably want her to kiss her again. They search Frank's RV and Max finds a beaten up journal in one of the air vents in which Max finds photo evidence of Rachel Amber in her underwear and dancing on what appears to be Frank's bed. Max also finds romantic letters and notes written by Rachel to Frank. Max shows Chloe the journal and the photos, causing Chloe to get angry and upset at what she sees is a betrayal by Rachel. Chloe storms out of the RV, and they both leave swiftly in Chloe's truck.

On the way back to Blackwell in Chloe's truck, Chloe blames her misfortune on the death of her biological father, William, and becomes angry with Max over leaving her, regardless of whether Max sided with Chloe or David earlier. Chloe will drop Max at Blackwell Academy without even looking at Max or waving goodbye to her which is a stark contrast to the way Chloe dropped Max at Blackwell Academy the day before when they fist-bumped.

Feeling equally upset at Chloe's outburst, Max will take a look at the [Media:2015-11-07 00070.2.jpg](last_picture.md) Chloe's father took of them when she returns to her dormitory room. Through this photo, she starts to hear voices from the past as though she is there in that moment, and she suddenly discovers an ability to jump back in time through photos. She uses this photo to go back in time to when it was taken in Chloe's house five years before (2008). Max prevents William's death by either throwing his car keys into the sink or tossing them out the back door. This action creates an alternative timeline.

When Max jumps back in time to 2013, she realizes everything has changed. Max is part of the [Vortex Club](vortex_club.md), David is a bus driver, and Warren is [Stella Hill](stella_hill.md)'s boyfriend. In disbelief, Max rushes to see Chloe. When Max arrives at Chloe's house, she is greeted first by William and then by Chloe in a wheelchair who appears to be severely immobilized and breathing with the assistance of a tube. 

Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.