Here is a section of the wiki page for Chloe and Rachel:

cheat. However she plays, Rachel correctly guesses the truths and lies that Chloe tells. Chloe then has the option to listen to music, which she can share with Rachel. Rachel then tells Chloe to jump off the train and she looks impressed if Chloe does.

The two are then seen at [Overlook Park](overlook_park.md). Rachel tries to get a viewfinder to work but it is out of order. Rachel then asks Chloe to fix it. Chloe can explore the area, and eventually asks for a knife from Rachel, however, she only has a nail file. Chloe can then use the file to remove a placard from a park bench and use it to pry open the viewfinder, retrieving the quarter stuck inside. [File:1504529317192.png](thumb.md) After fixing the viewfinder, Rachel comes closer to Chloe and Chloe thinks that Rachel smells like jasmine, and remarks that she should have showered that morning. Rachel and Chloe then look through another viewfinder together and make fun of the people they spy on. Some time later, Rachel focuses the viewfinder on [James Amber](a_man.md) and [Sera Gearhardt](a_woman.md) kissing. Rachel seems visibly upset and Chloe is taken aback by her mood swing. Rachel then convinces Chloe to steal wine from the [Picnic Couple](couple.md) who are having a picnic nearby. Rachel feigns having a heart attack and Chloe attempts to steal the wine. She is spotted and a backtalk challenge commences. If Chloe fails, the picnickers will see through their deception. Chloe will grab the wine bottle and run away together with Rachel. If Chloe succeeds, Rachel will jump up at the last minute thanking the picnickers for their help and they will secretly swipe the wine. [File:chloeandrachel-bts-junkyard.png](thumb.md) Chloe and Rachel are next seen walking on [Train Tracks](train_tracks.md). Chloe spots a [American Rust Junkyard](junkyard.md) and wants to explore it. Rachel seems upset and Chloe wonders what is wrong. Chloe can either call her out or leave her be. Whichever option is chosen, Rachel becomes even angrier and argues with her. When she is about to leave, Chloe asks her not to go and Rachel asks "Why not?". Chloe replies "Because I don't want to ruin [this] the way I ruin everything else in my life". Rachel asks "What is this exactly?".

Friendship# Friendship[File:chloeandrachel-bts-relationship.png](thumb.md)
If Chloe says "it's friendship" she will stutter while saying "friendship"; she will then will try to explain it and says that she doesn't want to be alone anymore. Depending on whether Chloe showed her trust towards Rachel with very specific choices earlier, when she said It's friendship Rachel will also reply to it as "Is that all?" or shows her uncertainty. Eventually, Rachel says she can't be friends with her anymore and leaves.
|-|Something moreSomething more[File:chloeandrachel-bts-relationship.png](thumb.md)
If Chloe says it's more than that, Rachel will insist on Chloe telling her the details, and Chloe will say it's "friendship but... more" and whatever is going on between them is special. If Chloe didn't show her trust towards Rachel enough earlier, Rachel will be confused when Chloe says that she wants something more. This will make Chloe mad and she will brush it off as being stupid, and says that the two of them are too different. Rachel will say it's not about that but she can't answer that right now and Chloe asks "Why not?" Rachel simply replies that she can't, then apologizes and leaves. 

If Chloe showed her trust towards Rachel enough with her actions and confessed her feelings to Rachel, Rachel will show that she wants more too, but she can't even though she wants to. When asked by Chloe "Why not?", she will say "Because I can't" and leaves.

Chloe begins to cry and becomes enraged. She picks up a baseball bat and begins destroying items in the junkyard, commenting about all the people who have let her down, notably Rachel and Max. As Chloe keeps smashing, she witnesses her father's car and walks slowly towards it. She begins smashing it and completely breaks down. [FIle:Chloeandrachel-bts-overlooknight.png](thumb.md) Chloe awakes at night in the same car and she walks along the train tracks to a tree where Rachel is standing. Rachel is thankful that Chloe is there and begins to explain why she was upset earlier, saying that the man kissing the woman from earlier was her father cheating on her mother. Chloe seems sympathetic. Rachel comments that Chloe is a badass and that she doesn't "know anyone like her". She further remarks that Chloe is awesome and brave for her earlier actions in the punk club and at the Blackwell campus. [File:20170908064713 1.jpg](thumb.md) Chloe states that she wants to leave Arcadia Bay; Rachel understands and they agree to leave together. Rachel then burns the photo from earlier and dumps it in a trashcan. She then kicks the trashcan over and screams in rage, causing the tree to be engulfed in flames. Chloe looks visibly shocked.

In Chloe's dream, her dead father, [William Price (Before the Storm)](william_price.md), tries to warn her that she is so drawn to fire that she doesn't realize the danger, and he tells her that fire blinds with its beauty (which may be a reference to Rachel who is a fire sign and created the forest fire at the end of the last episode). He tells Chloe that, "Sometimes there's a greater beauty yet to come" (which may be a reference to Max returning to her in three years). His parting words are, "Fire is jealous, Chloe. It wants all the beauty for itself. That's why you need to be careful." ... "Of getting burned."

Rachel partakes in the production of *The Tempest*, in which she plays one of the main 

Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.