Here is a section of the wiki page for David Madsen:

## Episode Two - "[Episode 2: Out of Time](out_of_time.md)" 
During this episode, as Max enters Blackwell on her way to class, she comes across David. She can either engage in conversation with him, or he will interrupt her on her way down the corridor. He tells her about how protective he is over Chloe.

Took blame for Chloe# Took blame for ChloeIf Max took the blame for the weed on the previous day, he will reprimand Max and ask if the weed was actually hers or not. He will also explain that he lost his temper that day because he cared for Chloe and didn't want her to harm herself from smoking the weed. Max will also bring up the matter of Kate, and David will only mention she was an entirely different matter altogether and won't say anything more.
|-|Hid from DavidHid from DavidIf Max stayed hidden on the previous day, Max will accuse David of hitting Chloe. David will assume Chloe had told Max that David had hit her and will try to explain that he was trying to find his missing gun and he hit Chloe because he cared for her and didn't want her to harm herself from smoking the weed. Max will also bring up the matter of Kate, and David will only mention she was an entirely different matter altogether and won't say anything more.
|-|Blamed Chloe# Blamed ChloeIf Max blamed Chloe, he will state she got in his face and called him a "pig", but he regrets his action of slapping Chloe and apologizes.

As Max sits in class, she sees Kate running off-campus towards the dormitories. Max sees David following her, snapping suspicious photographs of her without permission. Max feels creeped out by his surveillance.

As Kate's suicide attempt leads to Max freezing time, David can be seen running into the [Prescott Dormitory](dormitory.md) building in an effort to rescue Kate from the roof. However, it is clear he would have been too late to assist her.

Saved KateSaved KateAfter Kate is rescued by Max and taken to hospital, David finds himself in the Principal's office with Nathan, Max, Mr. Jefferson and Principal Wells.
|-|Didn't save Kate# Didn't save KateAfter Kate is dead, David finds himself in the Principal's office with Nathan, Max, Mr. Jefferson, Principal Wells and [Anderson Berry](officer_berry.md).

Due to David leaving the roof door open as a security risk, Wells holds him in part responsible for the situation.

Blame David and took photo on previous dayBlame David and took photo on previous dayMax can choose to blame him for the situation, accusing him of hassling Kate, and can produce the picture she took of the two in the first episode. Blaming him will cause him to be reprimanded by the principal, and put on temporary leave, much to David's outrage.
|-|Blame David and intervened on previous day# Blame David and intervened on previous dayMax can choose to blame him for the situation, accusing him of hassling Kate, much to David's outrage. Without any actual proof, the principal will disregard Max's accusation and take no action against David.
|-|Blame David, intervened for Kate and took blame for Chloe on previous dayBlame David, intervened for Kate and took blame for Chloe on previous dayMax can choose to blame him for the situation, accusing him of hassling Kate, much to David's outrage. Without any actual proof, and with David discrediting Max for dealing drugs to students, the principal will disregard Max's accusation and suspend Max from her studies at Blackwell instead.

At the end of the episode, he makes an appearance with Joyce in the Madsen Family Home, in the garden, deeply upset. She seems to be comforting him over the situation.



Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.