Here is a section of the wiki page for Episode 5: Polarized - Summary:

the storm.

Max finds herself at the beach with Chloe, who explains to Max the events that led them there. She tells Max that they had left the party to avoid Jefferson, just as Max had suggested, and then the "storm got hella crazy" and Max had said they would be safe at the [lighthouse](lighthouse.md). As they start to walk up the cliff together, Max collapses in Chloe's arms and wakes up in Mr. Jefferson's class once again. Only, this time, there is something horribly wrong as she hears bangs to her right and sees blood splattering the windows of the classroom as birds fly into them. When the windows are completely covered in blood, everybody in the classroom disappears and Max finds herself alone with windows that are blood free. Depending on whether Kate survived or if she died, Max will see "I want to die" written around and all over Kate's desk (survived), or a puddle of blood (died). If Max looks out of the windows, she will see dead birds littering the campus grounds. Several pictures in the classroom have become warped versions of what they once were, such as the picture of the lighthouse that now destroyed by a storm; the doe in the forest now features Chloe and Max digging up Rachel's body; The Everyday Heroes contest poster now displays the words "Everyday Zeroes" and Max's face with the words that are derogatory towards her.

As soon as Max tries to leave the classroom, she hears Jefferson's voice behind her as he suddenly appears. He wants to talk to her about her entry before leaving, exactly like the conversation that took place as she tried to leave his classroom earlier in the week. As she nears Jefferson, she is asked if she would like to spend the rest of her life in his Dark Room. Max tries to fight the replies that this nightmare version of her wants to say, which are: "I love you, Mr. Jefferson", "My selfies are shit", "Our dark room" and "Thanks for killing Chloe". When she chooses a response, Jefferson disappears and Max can leave the classroom. Max suddenly finds herself in the Girls' Dormitory where the corridor is eerily lit with candles that have been placed outside the dorm doors. Kate stands in front of her door, crying. As Max approaches, Kate blames Max for saving her or letting her die, and then she opens her door and jumps into what appears to be a bright white void. Max finds a key in the corridor to Room 218 and she uses the key to enter that room. She appears once again at the entrance of the dorm corridor, but she is now dressed in Rachel Amber's clothing that she had worn earlier in the week. She notices that the corridor is now filled with missing person posters relating to Rachel's disappearance and hears voices referencing Rachel around her as she makes her way to Rachel's old room. As Max enters the room, she once again appears at the start of the corridor, this time in Victoria's body. As Victoria, Max makes her way to Victoria's dorm room and notices references to Victoria appearing as graffiti along the corridor. Upon entering Victoria's room, Max changes back to herself and sees that the corridor is now plastered with small polaroid pictures that were once part of her "Max Caulfield Photo Memorial Wall". She enters her own dorm room and suddenly finds herself outside Mr. Jefferson's classroom, leaning against the wall and observing her fellow students in the same manner as she did earlier in the week (in Episode 1).

The difference now is that everything around her is moving backwards and everyone's speech is reversed, with the exception of Max who is not affected. The music that Max is listening to in her earphones is also reversed. Remembering events from earlier in the week, Max makes her way down the corridor towards the girl's bathroom and sees the ghostly doe appear and disappear into the bathroom. Max follows it into the bathroom and finds herself instead in a nightmarish maze that is a twisted version of the art gallery in San Francisco. Jefferson prowls the dark spaces with a flashlight, looking for her. Using her rewind powers, Max manages to sneak by him. She soon encounters another section of the maze that now resembles the main campus ground of Blackwell Academy. She hears the booming voice of Principal Wells as she tries to dash behind the cover of art boards to hide from a rotating spotlight. The art boards now display pictures of Dark Room victims. As Max advances past this section of the maze, she now encounters a section that resembles school hallways and lockers. In this section, Max will sneak past Warren, Nathan, Principal Wells, David, and Samuel, who are all carrying flashlights and searching for Max as they make creepy or disparaging comments about her. As she makes it safely through this section, she will find herself in a version of the [American Rust Junkyard](junkyard.md) where Frank, Jefferson, and Nathan are searching for her. Just like earlier in the week, there are five bottles scattered around this junkyard which Max can collect if she wishes.

When Max finally reaches the lighthouse, she sees a bench and sits down on it. As soon as she does this, she looks around to see that she is now trapped inside a snow globe which rests on the mantelpiece at the Price Household when she was last there, aged 13 years old. From here, she is forced to watch herself facing the fireplace as she burns the photo that allows William to remain dead in that timeline. The scene jumps once again to the Dark Room, and Max finds herself tied to a chair once again. She sees Jefferson and Chloe appear, and Chloe poses for his camera. They disappear and Chloe appears again, this time with Warren, and they joke about Max before they kiss. They disappear and now Max sees Nathan and Chloe sitting together on the couch in front of her. Chloe talks down to Max when she sees that Max is looking at them. Then things change once again, and Chloe is now dancing on the couch in her underwear that she wore when she swam in Blackwell's [Blackwell Swimming Pool](pool.md) with Max mid-week. Then Victoria appears on the 

Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.