Here is a section of the wiki page for Episode 3: Chaos Theory - Summary:

wakes, she discovers that her clothes still reek like a "chlorine factory", so Chloe tells Max to look in her wardrobe to try on the clothes that Rachel left behind. When Max isn't sure that they would suit her style, Chloe encourages her by telling her to stop second-guessing herself and to let her "inner punk-rock girl come out". She tells Max that she can afford to take chances, whenever and whatever she wants to try. As an example, she dares and then double-dares Max to kiss her. Max has the option to kiss Chloe before she leaves Chloe to her thoughts and heads downstairs for breakfast.

Once downstairs, Max helps [Joyce Price](joyce_price.md) prepare the family breakfast (in which Max must decide what she wants to eat and then search for two of the three required products needed to make it: the eggs from the bag near the door, the bacon from the fridge, and the milk on the table) before sitting down at the table to eat as she waits for Chloe to join them. Before doing this, Max can discover many dead birds in the backyard and listen to a recorded message from a police officer informing David of Chloe and Max's actions last night (in which she can rewind and delete it or ignore it). Joyce walks over to the table with the [:Category:Price Family](price_family.md) photo album and sits opposite Max to go through the photographs with her. They reminisce about the past, and Max expresses her sympathy over what happened to [William Price](chloe_s_father.md). Just before Chloe enters the room, Joyce hands Max a photo of her and Chloe that had been taken on the day William died in 2008, saying, *"This was the last time I ever saw Chloe truly happy."*

Chloe distracts Joyce by picking an argument with her while Max steals away to investigate the [david's Garage](garage.md). Finding that David's laptop is locked, Max looks for password clues in the garage and gains access to his computer. She discovers files on Rachel, Kate, and herself, as well as the discovery that Rachel was romantically involved with Frank.

Max returns to the living room with answers, but before she can tell Chloe about her discovery, David walks into the house. David relays news of the break-in at Blackwell the night before to his wife. He accuses students from Blackwell of the vandalism and makes a derogatory comment about Max dressing in Rachel's clothes. As an argument breaks out between Chloe and David, Max and Chloe take the opportunity to reveal that David has been spying on students. Joyce, who is very concerned by this, demands he leave students and Max alone. Max will then be able to side with either David or Chloe, which will either lead to Joyce evicting David from the house or Chloe feeling upset that Max defended David.

After the argument, Max and Chloe leave the house. In Chloe's truck, Max finally tells her that she had seen evidence of Rachel and Frank being more than friends, but Chloe doesn't believe her. Max suggests they break into [Frank's RV](frank_s_rv.md) so they can be proved wrong about this and to see what other evidence he may have in there. They head to the [Two Whales Diner](two_whales_diner.md) where Frank's RV is found to be parked. Knowing that they will need the keys to the RV, Max goes into the diner with the intention of using her rewind power to get Frank to hand over his keys unknowingly while Chloe searches through some nearby trash cans. Max can first speak to [Anderson Berry](anderson_berry.md), the [Truck Driver](trucker.md) (whose behavior will be effected depending on whether Max damaged the tracks or not in the previous episode), the [R.J. MacReady](fisherman.md), the [Homeless Lady](homeless_woman.md), and Nathan and can make fun of Frank by spilling his breakfast on the floor or spill soda on him (and then rewind to prevent him from attacking her). During this process, Max learns that Frank rescued his dog and has a favorite photograph of Rachel Amber, so she uses this information on Frank to get him to take out his keys. As Max snatches his keys from the table, she quickly rewinds time so that Frank is unaware that he no longer has them. After having the option of helping Alyssa avoid getting splashed by water from a passing car, she heads back to the RV, and Chloe hands her a bone to throw as she opens the RV door so that Frank's dog, [Pompidou](pompidou.md), doesn't attack them. She must then choose to throw the bone to the road (which will lead to Pompidou being killed) or to the parking lot.

Once inside Frank's RV, Max finds an account book with proof inside a vent (after using a knife to pry it open) that Frank and Rachel were involved romantically with each other. If Frank took David's gun earlier, Max has the opportunity to take it back. As soon as she shows this to Chloe, Chloe flies into a rage and thinks that Rachel betrayed her, saying, ''"I can't believe she was banging Frank! Rachel straight up lied to my face!"'' She then throws Frank's keys onto the roof of a nearby building and leaves with Max. During the drive back to Blackwell, a tearful Chloe takes her anger out on Max and everyone who is or ever was close to her.

Chloe drops Max off at Blackwell without saying a word to Max when she exits the truck, and Max returns to her dormitory, saddened by Chloe's outburst. She sits on her bed in her dorm room and studies the photograph that Joyce had given her that morning in depression. As she stares down at the image of her and Chloe, it starts to emit voices. Confused, she focuses on the photograph and suddenly finds herself in 2008 inside her 13-year-old body at the moment the photograph was taken. Knowing that this was the day that William was killed in a car accident, Max attempts to prevent William's death. After unsuccessfully trying to warn William and Chloe (and can optionally try to call Joyce or hang up on 

Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.