Here is a section of the wiki page for Max and Chloe:

## Episode Three - "[Episode 3: Chaos Theory](chaos_theory.md)" 
[File:Max and Chloe 05.png](thumb.md) Max is awoken at midnight by a message from Chloe asking her to meet up in front of [Blackwell Campus](campus.md). If Max decided to shoot Frank in Episode 2, Chloe will also jokingly propose to Max to marry her, though Max responds that same-sex marriage is illegal in Oregon for the time. Chloe jumpscares Max when she approaches, screaming "booyah" as a joke. Max does not appreciate that action, especially if she wasn't able to save Kate earlier, though Chloe apologizes immediately and says she doesn't know how to deal with such situations. They talk about Kate and Rachel and decide to search for clues so that a similar thing doesn't happen to anyone else. Chloe shows Max the spare keys to Blackwell she stole from David, and they move on to explore the main building.
[File:Chloe breaks lock.png](thumb.md)
Chloe suggests examining the [Principal Wells' Office](principal_s_office.md) first, but shortly thereafter finds out the key to the office is missing. She reveals to Max that she learned to lockpick from Frank sometime before and tries to pick the lock while Max decides to call Warren for help. When Warren mentions going drive-in once again on phone and Max responds to him whether if she can go or not, camera focuses on Chloe where she gives a look to Max, which suggests that she got jealous.

Eventually Max manages to construct a makeshift pipe bomb and blows the lock up.[File:Max and Chloe 06.png](thumb.md) This causes the school alarm to go off, and Max rewinds time and opens the door for Chloe from the inside, visibly impressing her. As they are getting ready to leave, Chloe searches through the principal's desk drawers and uncovers an envelope full of money that is labelled as the school's handicapped fund. Chloe wants to take it to pay Frank back, but it is up to Max on whether to allow Chloe to steal the money or not.

Leave the money# Max thinks that paying Frank back isn't worth getting into trouble and risking divine retribution for stealing the money meant for the school's handicapped fund. Chloe feels disappointed and puts the money back inside the drawer.
|-|Steal the moneyMax reasons that Frank might be more willing to talk about Rachel if he's been paid. Chloe hugs Max joyfully and offers to take her on a road trip to Portland with the leftover money.

After leaving the office, Chloe suggests to Max that they have a late night swim at the [Blackwell Swimming Pool](blackwell_swimming_pool.md) all to themselves. Although initially hesitant, Max finds herself unable to refuse Chloe's offer as she feels that after the crazy day's events they "hella deserve" some mindless fun in the water. Upon hearing the word "hella," Chloe declares that she is indeed a "good bad influence" on Max.

[File:Dontlooksosadimneverleavingyou.png](left.md)
At the pool, Chloe asks Max to turn on the pool lights, and then jumps in and starts swimming. When Max approaches, Chloe splashes water on her, taunting her to enter the pool. Max jumps in the pool, yelling "cowabunga", and the girls start attacking each other in the "[The Otters](otter.md) vs [Mr. Sharkie](shark.md) style". Chloe expresses her wish for Rachel to be with them now, and Max says they will eventually meet each other. Chloe then says that Max's power is changing her personality in a positive way and that she's not so "chickenshit" as she used to be. Max still feels unsure about the true meaning of her power, but Chloe remarks that weren't the case when Max saved her, probably due to the strong connection between them. Max tells Chloe that she makes Max feel more sure about her actions, and Chloe responds that Max instead gives her a reason for staying in Arcadia Bay. Chloe sees Max as the smartest and most talented person in her life and promises to never leave her. The girls get cold and decide to exit the pool.

Dressing up, Chloe says "You look cute with your hair soaked in chemicals." and Max thanks her. As they are going to leave the building, Blackwell security enters and starts to sweep the area. Sneaking past the guards, Max and Chloe run to the parking lot and drive to Chloe's house, where they have a sleepover.

[File:Vlcsnap-2016-09-04-15h35m44s526.png ](thumb.md) 
In the morning, Max takes her usual daily selfie with Chloe by her side. They have a conversation about last night's events and about Max's troubles with submitting a photo for the [Everyday Heroes Contest](everyday_heroes_contest.md). Chloe says she would like to hang out with Max all day like when they were kids, and that now they both are adults and can date freely. Max gets up and finds out her clothes are still wet with chlorine, and Chloe offers her some of the clothes Rachel left. Max may also take a look at Chloe's mobile phone; if Max supported Chloe enough in the previous episodes (took the blame for the weed, didn't answer Kate's call, tried to shoot Frank and allowed Chloe to take the money), the background will be changed from Rachel to Max. A book about mystic weather can be found on the table, and Max comments that Chloe is cute for trying to figure out the meaning of Max's vision.

Opening the closet, Max initially doesn't want to put on Rachel's clothes as they are of a different style, but Chloe encourages her and says she can always rewind if she doesn't like them, as with other chances in her life. As an example, Chloe dares Max to kiss her, and Max's decision will have a crucial impact on their relationship later in the game.

Kiss Chloe# Chloe takes a few steps back in surprise after Max kisses her and remarks that Max is 

Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.