Here is a section of the wiki page for Max and Chloe:

"hardcore". Max's arms linger in the air, which somewhat suggests that if Chloe hadn't jumped back, it would've been longer. Chloe also jokes that she will text Warren that he doesn't stand a chance unless he's into girl-on-girl action. It's later revealed that she really texted Warren. Max will think that it was priceless when she kissed Chloe. In her journal she will also mention that it was cute how Chloe looked embarrassed after the kiss.
|-|Don't kiss ChloeChloe returns to her bed and remarks that she wasn't that easy to allow any kissing on her, and Max might already have used her rewind power after kissing her. Chloe also jokes that she will text Warren that Max is saving herself all for him. It's later revealed that she really texted Warren. Max will say in her diary that she would have, but she didn't like being dared like it was some big deal and maybe she's scared; that's why she comments she likes that Chloe is so fearless.

After this moment, in either way, Max later states in her journal that "Besides, I think Chloe sees Rachel Amber in her future..."

[File:Max and Chloe 10.png](thumb.md)
Chloe compliments Max's new outfit and tells her to go downstairs and have breakfast while Chloe "wakes n' bakes". Max goes down and helps Joyce prepare the breakfast, talking to her about Rachel and Chloe. Joyce may reveal that Chloe has been telling her for the last five years that she would like to be more like Max. They also review the family album, and Joyce gives Max a photo of Max and Chloe making pancakes together with William.

Having obtained the files from David's garage, Max is ready to leave with Chloe, but David returns home and an argument breaks out in the living room. Max has to side with either David or Chloe.

Side with David# Max backs David up, saying there is no proof that he has done anything wrong. David moves on to have breakfast. Chloe is disappointed, and asks Max to rewind the situation to change the outcome.
|-|Side with ChloeMax brings up David's threatening attitude towards students, and his unsettling files containing information about Kate and Rachel. This causes Joyce to kick David out of the house. That visibly pleases Chloe, and she asks Max not to rewind her decision.

[File:Max and Chloe 11.png](thumb.md) Max suggests to Chloe that they search [Frank's RV](frank_s_rv.md) next to find information about Rachel Amber. Inside the RV, Chloe sits in the driver's seat and expresses how awesome it would be to cruise around in the RV with Max. Chloe will ask Max if she could see them travelling together. Max agrees and will, if you kissed Chloe earlier, mention that Chloe would probably want her to kiss her again.  They search Frank's RV and Max finds photo evidence of Rachel Amber being more than "friends" with Frank, as well as romantic letters and notes Rachel wrote to Frank. Max shows everything she found to Chloe, making Chloe enraged at the fact that Rachel lied straight to her face. Chloe says that everyone in her life, including Max, has betrayed her, then runs out of the RV and gets into her truck.

On the way back to Blackwell in Chloe's pickup, Chloe blames her misfortune on the death of her biological father, William, and becomes angry with Max over leaving her, regardless of whether Max sided with Chloe or David earlier. Chloe will drop Max at Blackwell Academy without even looking at Max or waving goodbye to her, which is a large contrast to Chloe dropping Max at Blackwell Academy in Episode 2.

Feeling equally upset at Chloe's outburst, Max will take a look at the last picture Chloe's father took of them after returning to her dormitory room and suddenly discover her ability to jump back in time through photos. Finding herself in her 13-year-old body, Max saves William by hiding his car keys and thus preventing the accident. This action creates an [Alternative Timeline (Life is Strange)](alternative_timeline.md) in which Chloe's life is largely different from her original self: she is severely immobilized and can only breathe with the help of a machine.

# 

Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.