Here is a section of the wiki page for Max and Chloe:

## Episode Two - "[Episode 2: Out of Time](out_of_time.md)" 
Shortly after waking up, Max gets a [Max's Messages](message.md) from Chloe asking her to meet up at the [Two Whales Diner](two_whales_diner.md). Max comments that she enjoys having Chloe back in her life again, in spite of all the crazy things that have happened in the past days. Another message notifying Max that Chloe will be late arrives as Max is about to enter the diner.

[File:Max and Chloe in Diner.png](thumb.md) Chloe arrives after a while, and immediately wants proof of Max's new-found powers. Max obliges by telling her the contents of her pockets; a parking ticket for 10:34 AM, a pack of 7 cigarettes, a robot panda keychain and 86 cents. For further proof, Max predicts the future in the diner to Chloe's amazement. One of the first comments Chloe makes about Max's power is: "Maybe you made a move on me and I would never know", which might hint that Chloe subconsciously wants that to happen. Max gets a nosebleed from overusing her powers. Chloe then asks Max to come with her to a secret spot in order to further test her powers.

Before leaving, Max gets a phone call from Kate. Max chooses whether to answer or not.

Answer#  If Max stops to answer the phone and comfort Kate, Chloe will be caught by Joyce and the two will argue. Chloe doesn't appreciate that Max fobbed her off for one of the new Blackwell friends she sees everyday. 
|-|Don't answer If Max doesn't answer Kate's call, Chloe will be happy to escape the diner before her mother can start a fight between them, and gives Max a high-five.

The two girls leave for the [American Rust Junkyard](american_rust_junkyard.md). Chloe expresses her joy about having Max back in her life and even more about Max's superpower. She sends Max off to find five beer bottles while Chloe herself prepares a gun range for the test.

Having found all the bottles, Max returns to Chloe and helps her at the shooting range, rewinding for more impressive shots. They then try shooting other objects around the junkyard as well as an old car. If Chloe shoots the car bumper, she accidentally shoots herself, causing Max to rewind again. [File:Max and Chloe 27.png](thumb.md) Max passes out from using her power too much and awakens to Chloe comforting her. Chloe sits on the hood of a car, waiting for her friend to recover enough to have her turn at shooting. As Max handles the gun, [Frank Bowers](frank_bowers.md) shows up, having followed them and heard the gun noises and breaking glass. He threatens Chloe, demanding the money she owes him. Mid-conversation, Chloe notices a bracelet on Frank's wrist belonging to Rachel. She interrupts him, asking where he got the bracelet. He pulls a knife on her, and Max intervenes by revealing the gun and aiming at Frank. She must then decide whether to shoot or not to shoot him.

Shoot#  As Max pulls the trigger, the gun clicks, out of ammo. Frank is furious, saying he will remember that you tried to shoot him. However, Chloe is impressed and compliments Max for standing her ground.
|-|Don't shoot If Max fails to pull the trigger, Frank leans forwards and takes the gun. He leaves, and Chloe seems unimpressed that Max lost her only form of protection against her enemies.

[File:Max and Chloe 03.png](thumb.md) Regardless of the outcome, Max and Chloe leave the junkyard to venture the train tracks. They talk about Frank and Rachel, and Max expresses her wish to build another "pirate fort" where she would be alone with Chloe. As Max gets up to take a photo of the sun, she falls into another vision and shortly afterwards hears Chloe calling for help. Max realizes that Chloe is stuck inside the tracks, and has to be quick in freeing her because a train is approaching.

Didn't damage the train tracks# Max saves Chloe by obtaining a crowbar to open the door to a small office and finding a pair of wirecutters inside. Max uses this pair of wirecutters on the fuse box by the tracks to cut a set of red wires, which releases the tracks' grip on Chloe, allowing her to escape.
|-|Damaged the train tracks Max saves Chloe by pushing a large bollard onto the tracks. This results in the tracks breaking, but Chloe being able to run away. 

[File:Max and Chloe 04.png](thumb.md) Max lifts Chloe up just in time, and Chloe remarks that they are now bonded for life. The two head back to Chloe's truck, as it is time for Max to return to Blackwell. Upon arrival, they have a short conversation about the Chaos Theory and Chloe drops Max off, leaving to head home.

In the ending cutscene, Chloe can be seen texting Max as they both witness the eclipse.

#



Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.