Here is a section of the wiki page for Max and Chloe:

## Episode Four - "[Episode 4: Dark Room](dark_room.md)" 
[File:Max and Chloe 14.png](thumb.md) 
Max spends time with Chloe in the alternative timeline. Walking along the seafront, Max discovers that Chloe was in a car accident; William gave her the new car for her birthday, and she was hit by an oncoming SUV, causing her to become paralyzed from the neck down. They stop after a while and admire the sunset. Max apologizes again for not staying in touch, but Chloe thanks her for coming and says she's doing awesome.

Chloe starts to feel cold and the girls return to the [Alternative Price Household](price_household.md). After talking for a while about Chloe's condition, she asks Max for a drink of water, saying that it's probably the most she's talked all year. Max can also wipe sandy tears from Chloe's face with a tissue.

[File:Max and Chloe 15.png](thumb.md)
Max asks Chloe what she wants to do, and she answers that she feels like watching a movie together like in the old times; Max puts on the {{Wiki|*Blade Runner*}} DVD, and the girls watch together. Max warns Chloe that she had better not fall asleep like she used to when they were kids. Ironically, it's Max who falls asleep, while Chloe stays awake all night. Max wakes up and begins talking to Chloe again about their childhood, and how much Chloe appreciates her friendship. She begins to get a headache and asks Max to get her morphine injector from the bathroom for her.

Walking around the Price Household, Max discovers that Chloe's condition is getting worse, and she only has a certain amount of time before she dies. Returning to Chloe with the morphine, Max gives it to her to alleviate her headache. Chloe then wants to review the family album, and Max turns the pages for her. Looking at the photo of them making pancakes, Chloe mentions that she knows exactly what's going on, despite her parents not telling her about the doctor's report. She asks Max to increase her dosage to end her life and stop her suffering. Spending time with Max has reminded Chloe of the happy times when they used to run around Arcadia Bay playing pirates, and Chloe wishes to keep this memory as her last one.

Accept# Max turns the dial on Chloe's morphine drip to its highest setting. Chloe thanks her and says that she is proud of Max for following her dreams. Chloe says that she loves Max and asks to not forget about her. Max promises to never forget about her and adds that she will see Chloe sooner than she thinks.
|-|RefuseIf Max does not give Chloe an overdose, Chloe will lash out at her, angry that her best friend wouldn't help her with this one request. She wants Max to go away and never come back.

Max focuses on the photo and returns to the year 2008. This time, Max lets William leave the house and burns the photo in the campfire. She has a heartfelt moment of apology with Chloe who doesn't understand the situation, and the timeline corrects itself.
[File:Max and Chloe 01.jpg](left.md)
Chloe helps Max to deduce and investigate Rachel Amber's disappearance and Kate Marsh's suicide attempt. They've been up all night and Chloe tries to keep herself awake by drinking coffee. It is evident from Max's messages that she and Chloe made up after Chloe's outburst. After Max returns to the original timeline, she hugs Chloe joyfully, and, if Max decided to kiss Chloe earlier, she will joke, "Whoa! Down, Max! You get one kiss and now you're all over me...". If Max didn't kiss Chloe, Chloe will say "Oh yeah, now you suddenly want to kiss me? You had your chance." Max will reply that she is glad to see Chloe and Chloe will thank her for the "morning grope."

Later, if Max didn't kiss her earlier she will state in her journal "''I've never been so glad to see Chloe in my life. The second I saw her blue hair and that beautiful pissed off face, I kind of regretted not kissing her when she double dared me. Maybe if she had double dog dared me...*", If Max kissed her earlier, she will say *"I've never been so glad to see Chloe in my life. The second I saw her blue hair and that beautiful pissed off face I wanted to kiss her again."''

They decide to search for information from David Madsen, Nathan Prescott and Frank Bowers. While Max is looking for further hints in David's garage, Chloe tries to find some information on the Internet.

Kate Survived#  [File:Max and Chloe 17.png](thumb.md) Max says that she first has to check how Kate's doing in the hospital. When the duo arrives there, Chloe says hospitals always freaked her out. She apologizes to Max for preventing her from being Kate's friend and being angry when she called. Chloe says that Max saved Kate similarly to her. Then she patiently waits outside the room while Max chats up with Kate. In the end, Max thanks Chloe for coming with her and they head to Blackwell.

[File:chloe-shocked.png](thumb.md)

On the Blackwell campus, they stumble upon Mr. Jefferson. After Max introduces Chloe, he asks why somebody as cool as Chloe isn't going to Blackwell, to which Chloe responds, "I was way too cool for this school. It’s a long story. In actual files here." When Jefferson tells Max to come to the [End of the World Party](end_of_the_world_party.md), Chloe says she'll be there as "Max's date".  As he leaves, Chloe remarks "Hot for teacher" as an observation on Jefferson's appearance as she watches him walk away; this was possibly said for Max's embarrassment.

[File:Chloestruck-ep4-maxandchloe.png](thumb.md)

After obtaining clues from Nathan's room, Max and Chloe head to the [Beach](beach.md) to 

Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.