Here is a section of the wiki page for Max and Chloe:

meet with Frank and obtain the code for his account book. Before moving on, they have a short conversation inside Chloe's car about Rachel and their trip to Portland. Chloe says they couldn't have guessed this would happen to them when they grew up. The dialogue with Frank is complex, but there are three main outcomes:

Chloe killed FrankFrank and Pompidou both die after being shot, and killed, by Chloe. Max and Chloe steal his account book key from his dead body. Chloe is terrified by the fact that she had to kill a man and a dog.
|-|Chloe wounded Frank# Frank is wounded after being either stabbed or shot in the leg by Chloe. He begrudgingly agrees to give Max and Chloe the account book key.
|-|No one got hurtThe situation is handled well and no one gets hurt. Frank agrees to give you the account book key and becomes an ally in the cause to find Rachel.

The girls finally return to Chloe's house to piece the facts together. If Chloe killed Frank, she will be crying on her bed and Max has to calm her down. Chloe says she will go to the police and promises to take all the responsibility for killing Frank only on herself. Their investigation leads them to an abandoned barn owned by the Prescott family where they discover a hidden underground bunker beneath which was the dark room Nathan was mentioning and illegal photography was carried out on Rachel Amber, Kate Marsh and other missing girls from Arcadia Bay.

[File:Max and Chloe 19.png](thumb.md) Upon seeing Rachel's files, Chloe immediately recognizes a spot from the Junkyard on one of the pictures and rushes there with Max. They find Rachel buried underground and Chloe bursts into tears, with Max also crying and comforting her. Later, Chloe drives Max to the End of the World Party, hoping to confront Nathan and stop him. However, they fail to find him and when Chloe receives a message from Nathan saying he had got rid of all the evidence of Rachel's disappearance, Chloe and Max rush back to the Junkyard in the dark. Suddenly caught by surprise from behind, Max is dosed with sedatives rendering her unable to use her rewind. Hearing Max's warning, Chloe turns around and expresses shock at the culprit which turns out to be Mr. Jefferson. [File:Max and Chloe 18.png](thumb.md) 
Before she has the opportunity to aim her gun, she is shot in the head and falls backwards onto Rachel's grave. Max's eyes are watering as she witnesses Chloe's death and whispers her name before passing out.

# 

Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.