Here is a section of the wiki page for Max's Diary:

heroic, but she knows I wouldn't lie. And I could tell Chloe felt awful for what Jefferson did to me.*

[File:Max_Diary_(72).png](thumb.md)

*Chloe is back!I didn't even care that this was the real end of the world... It just felt so good to hold her again after everything we'd been through. I thought about all the timelines I'd jumped through for her, and how much she's always meant to me...Our lives have always been entwined.*

Kissed Chloe# Kissed Chloe
*How could this not be some kind of fate or destiny? Even though we're opposites in so many ways, we're also so alike. We'll always be pirates in spirit and we'll always want to take on the world... It sounds so stupid to say that she's my hero, but if not her, who else? Sometimes Chloe and I feel like yin and yang.
Who knows? Maybe we're here to give each other strength... or more.''

|-|Didn't Kiss ChloeDidn't Kiss Chloe
''How could this not be some kind of fate or destiny? Even though we're opposites in so many ways, we're also so alike. We'll always be pirates in spirit and we'll always want to take on the world...
I like to think Chloe and I are here to always support each other.
Best friends forever, right?*

*There is nothing like the sense of relief after waking up from a vivid nightmare. Despite all the terrible things that have been happening this past week, I felt so free and hopeful when I finally woke up. And my nightmare was so obvious... all my fears about being an artist, about my rewind power, and, of course, about my partner in crime and time, Chloe Price.*

*We've been through so much together and we might go through more, depending on how this all ends... either in Heaven or Hella... Sorry, I couldn't resist.*

[File:Max_Diary_(73).png](thumb.md)

Kissed Chloe# Kissed Chloe
*Chloe is more than my best friend, but who knows how she really sees me? She did dare me to kiss her, but she seemed surprised that I actually did. I am too, but I don't regret it for a second. Maybe that's why I hated watching Chloe being so cruel in the nightmare, calling me names and flirting with all those people... I was surprised that it was like a physical pain in my heart. Is that the power of friendship... or love?
I believe you're about to find out, Max Caulfield.''
|-|Didn't Kiss ChloeDidn't Kiss Chloe
''Chloe will always be my best friend, but who knows how she really sees me? I know she wasn't mad I didn't kiss her... I feel like we're more family than couple... just a couple of dorky kids who grew up in a fucked up, amazing world...
Maybe that's why I hated watching Chloe being so cruel in the nightmare, calling me names and trying to hurt me... I was surprised that it was like a physical pain in my heart. Is that the power of love... or friendship?
I believe you're about to find out, Max Caulfield.'' 

Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.