Here is a section of the wiki page for Max and Chloe:

## Episode Five - "[Episode 5: Polarized](polarized.md)" 
[File:Maxthoughtinplane.jpg](thumb.md)
In this episode, Max initially prevents Chloe's death at the hands of Mark Jefferson by rewinding through the selfie she took on the first day of the week in Jefferson's class and informing David of Jefferson's deeds, creating a new timeline where Jefferson was already arrested on Tuesday with Chloe still alive and Max as the winner of the photo contest in San Francisco. Through Max's text messages we get to know that Max was there for Chloe after finding out about Rachel's death on Tuesday; everything that happened the following days in the original timeline probably never did. After Max messaged Chloe about her win on Wednesday, she was evidently very proud and happy for Max and had helped Max to pack for San Francisco. Aside from finding out about Rachel's death, everything seems optimal for Chloe. However, in this timeline, she will apparently be killed by the tornado from the vision that already approached the town in the middle of a phone call with Max in the [Zeitgeist Gallery](zeitgeist_gallery.md). 
[File:Max and Chloe 20.png](thumb.md) Having witnessed Chloe dying yet again, Max returns to captivity in the Dark Room where Chloe was already dead at that point. Max escaped from the Dark Room with the help of David. After leaving the Dark Room, Max will manage to reach Warren at the Two Whales Diner and successfully revive Chloe yet again by using the selfie photograph that she took with Warren at the End of the World Party and returning to the time it was taken the night before. Max joyfully leaps Chloe's arms once again, much to Chloe's shock.
[File:Chloe max.jpg](right.md)
Max warns Chloe of Jefferson's treachery and Nathan's death at his hands. Moreover, Max reveals to Chloe what she had experienced in the alternative timeline where Max prevented William's death and could not keep fixing the altered time. She manages to convince Chloe, and instead of springing Jefferson's trap as they did before, Max and Chloe proceed to report the scandal to David, who promptly, with the help of the police, will arrest Mark Jefferson, and stay at Chloe's home till the [Storm](storm.md) is about to strike. 
[File:Love.jpg](left.md)
After altering, Max wakes up at the beach and finds out, with the tornado striking Arcadia Bay the next day, that Chloe took Max to the beach where they would be protected from the storm. Max hugs Chloe and is relieved that she finally managed to keep both of them alive. Chloe offers to get out of Max's life after everything she put Max through, but Max disagrees. Then Chloe mentions once again how well Max has handled all the difficult situations, and that she's the best friend a human can have. Chloe tells Max everything that happened while she was out, and they are on their way to the lighthouse when Max loses consciousness and falls into a disturbing [Max's Nightmare](nightmare.md).

Chloe appears several times during the nightmare and is particularly prominent towards the end. She is depicted in most scenes in a harsh manner, telling Max that she is unworthy of her attentions, or that she should never have come back to Arcadia Bay. Her abandonment issues are accentuated, meant to play on Max's guilty conscience. She is also displayed in a more romantic manner during some scenes; bizarrely hooking up with different characters, to make Max jealous as it's represented as one of her insecurity.Max later says in [Max's Diary](her_diary.md) that she experienced physical pain while seeing Chloe act like that. One of the final scenes in the diner, however, showcase Chloe as the sole person who defends Max and looks out for her, and the digit code needed to get to the diner is 0311, representing Chloe's birthday, 03/11 (March 11th). The scene is followed by heartfelt and prominent moments between the two girls, revealing how close a relationship Max and Chloe have rekindled during the week.

[File:Max and Chloe 21.png](thumb.md) During Max's unconsciousness, Chloe carried Max up to the cliff. When Chloe and Max reach the lighthouse, safe and out of the way of the incoming tornado, Max finally laments to Chloe that she was the cause of the town's destruction. Whereas Chloe, admitting her selfishness after how much Max went through preventing and reviving her from death over and over again, is ready to accept her own fate of death. Chloe hands Max the photograph of the blue butterfly Max took in the Blackwell bathroom and gives her the option to return to the time where Nathan accidentally killed her in the Blackwell bathroom to restore the original timeline, or to move on from the present timeline from there. No matter what decision Max would make, Chloe would be cool either way, as she knows Max would make the right decision.

Sacrifice Arcadia Bay# Max decides not to trade Chloe's life for the sake of the town and tosses the photo of the blue butterfly. Chloe and Max promise each other to always be together and wait at the cliff holding hands until the storm subsides. After taking a final look at the aftermath of the storm, they leave the town in Chloe's truck.
|-|Sacrifice ChloeMax sacrifices Chloe for the sake of the town and the residents as Chloe suggested. Chloe will say that being together was the best farewell gift she could have hoped for. They will kiss each other if Max supported Chloe on all occasions throughout the game. Chloe says that she will always love Max and will never forget her. Max promises to never forget about Chloe as well.

#



Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.