Here is a section of the wiki page for Max and Warren:

## Episode Five - "[Episode 5: Polarized](polarized.md)" 
In the alternative reality where Max wins the [Everyday Heroes Contest](everyday_heroes_contest.md) and David is informed about the [Dark Room (Location)](dark_room.md), Warren congratulates Max for winning the contest and asks if they can make an appointment, which she accepts.

After Max is rescued by David from the Dark Room, she tries to think of ways to save Chloe, since Jefferson has burnt her journal. Max remembers the photo surviving in the timeline that Warren had taken of them at the [End of the World Party](end_of_the_world_party.md). She takes the keys to Jefferson's car and calls Warren who says he is holed up in the Two Whales Diner and tries to warn her not to drive to him as the storm is too dangerous.

[File:maxandwarren-ep5dinertalk.png](thumb.md)
Determined to save Chloe, Max ignores his warning and makes her way to the diner in Jefferson's car. When Max nears the diner, she needs to prevent a burning trail of fuel from reaching the diner using sand. Max makes her way into the diner from a side door. Inside the diner, she finds Joyce Price tending to an injured Frank, and Warren is at the counter. Warren is relieved to see Max, and says "I hate to say I'm glad to see you, but I'm so glad to see you." Max replies the important thing is that they are safe and that she knew he can take care of himself after what he did to Nathan. Warren is also shocked by the fact that Max came there during the storm and says he can't believe she drove here to get one picture and that he knows she didn't come for him. Max says she came for all of the people there, and he tells her that he has the photograph. Warren starts to say something, and she cuts him off and says he should listen. Warren asks about her secret and Max tells him about her rewind power and the events of the week. Warren immediately believes her and doesn't question things that much. He sees that moment as an important moment in history and thanks Max for trusting him; he has a total faith that she'll do the right thing when the time comes and that he is so proud of Max. [File:maxandwarren-ep5maxleaves.png](thumb.md) Max thanks him for always being there for her.

Warren leaves the picture. Before letting Max focus on the photo, Warren says, "Hey... Be careful out there," and Max has the option to leave, hug, or kiss Warren.

Kissed Only Chloe# Kissed Only ChloeIf Max kissed Chloe in Episode 3 and doesn't kiss Warren, she will write the following entry in her journal: 
''"I'm glad Warren is such a good friend. Considering how insane my life has been this week, kissing Chloe instead of him didn't seem that strange. It felt like Chloe and I were flipping off the cruel universe... and if I was going to die, I wanted one kiss from my best friend."''
|-|Kissed Only WarrenKissed Only WarrenIf Max didn't kiss Chloe in Episode 3 and kisses Warren, she will write the following entry in her journal: ''"Considering how insane my life has been this week, kissing Warren in the middle of a deadly storm didn't seem to be that strange. It felt like we were flipping off the cruel universe... and if I was going to die, I wanted one kiss from a boy I cared about."*
|-|Kissed Both# Kissed BothIf Max kissed Chloe in Episode 3 and kisses Warren, she will write the following entry in her journal: *"Considering how insane my life has been this week, kissing Chloe, then Warren, didn't seem to be that strange. Both times it felt like we were flipping off the cruel universe... and if I was going to die, I wanted one kiss from two people I truly cared about."''
|-|Kissed NeitherKissed NeitherIf Max didn't kiss Chloe in Episode 3 and doesn't kiss Warren, she will write the following entry in her journal: ''"Considering how insane my life has been this week, kissing Chloe or Warren in the middle of all this time warping would be too strange. I can't even think about my love life... or lack of one. But if I was going to die, maybe I should have kissed one of them for posterity..."''

If Max kisses Warren, he will tell Max he's wanted to tell her something, but Max cuts him off and tells him she knows. She will also comment to herself, "At least I kissed Warren once to let him know how I feel...". If she hugs Warren, she will comment to herself saying that she hopes Warren will know just how much his friendship means to her.

[File:Maxandwarren-ep5warrenleaves.png](thumb.md)
Max focuses on the picture and finds herself in parking lot of Blackwell Academy. When Chloe starts to talk, Max immediately runs towards Chloe and leaps into her arms. Warren, however, heartbroken after this action, excuses himself to leave them to it. Max feels sorry for Warren, and goes after Chloe.

 

In [Max's Nightmare](max_s_nightmare_sequence.md), where her perspective of feelings is internalized and her fears and insecurities are depicted, Warren appears in the locker maze with other people. If Max listens to nightmare Warren's dialogues, his actions and behavior is more exaggerated; he acts more pushy about going ape, has a darker personality, makes fun of Max and Chloe's relationship, calls Chloe a loser and tells Max that she needs an "alpha male" and asks if she got hot when she saw him beat up Nathan. [File:Warren's_nightmare_locker.jpg](thumb.md)[File:Dialogue compilation.jpg](thumb.md)

She will see Warren's locker filled with pictures of Max in various swimwear. Max may take an optional photo of the interior of the locker, and she will comment on it as "Oh shit Warren. That is too weird, and fucking scary. Just in case I need evidence..."

Warren will also 

Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.