Here is a section of the wiki page for Maxine Caulfield:

## Episode Three - "[Episode 3: Chaos Theory](chaos_theory.md)"
After falling asleep in her room, Max is awoken by the sound of her phone. Chloe texts her about meeting to discuss what happened earlier that day. Max leaves the dorm and heads out past Principal Wells to meet Chloe. She has discovered her step-father's keys and the two girls enter the school to find clues about Rachel Amber's disappearance and Nathan's scandalous drug dealing. However, the girls quickly discover that the key to Wells' office is gone and that they have no spare. Chloe tries to pick the lock, while Max rings Warren to find a rather more explosive solution. Max finds the components to create a small makeshift pipe bomb and blows the door to the office. As the alarms go off, Max simply uses her rewind power after stepping into the office to go back before the explosion and safely open the door from the inside.

She and Chloe search the office for clues and discover the files of many students as well as emails from [Sean Prescott](nathan_prescott_s_father.md) to the Blackwell principal, threatening to cut off funding if his son is not treated appropriately with a spotless record. They also discover several creepy drawings from Nathan, proclaiming "Rachel in the Dark Room".

Leaving the office, Chloe and Max head for a dip in the Blackwell swimming pool. They talk about their friendship and Rachel Amber, as well as Max's power. The two end up leaving the school in a rush in Chloe's car after almost getting caught by Blackwell security. They head back to Chloe's empty house and stay there for the night.

In the morning, Chloe lends Max some of Rachel Amber's old clothes, urging Max to be a rebel. After heading downstairs and helping Joyce with breakfast, Max is given a photo from Chloe's past and explores David's secret files in his garage. Soon afterwards, Max and Chloe are involved in a fight as David comes home in disgust at the paperwork he had to complete due to vandals in the school the night before. Max can either be harsh or forgiving in support of David's behavior towards Kate and his surveillance addiction. Max's choice is crucial here, as one angers Chloe, while the other breaks up Joyce and David.

Max suggests to Chloe that they search [Frank's RV](frank_s_rv.md) next to find information about Rachel Amber. While Chloe searches for a food item to distract Frank's dog, Max may talk to the truck driver, the [Homeless Lady](homeless_woman.md), Nathan Prescott, Officer Berry, and Frank Bowers. After obtaining the RV keys from Frank Bowers, Max may warn Alyssa who was waiting at the bus stop outside and to decide where to throw the bone and cause Frank's dog to get hit by a lumber truck or enjoy its treat in the parking lot. Inside the RV, Max will obtain Frank's coded logbook and evidence of Rachel's relationship with Frank with the latter causing Chloe to become upset.
[File:319630 screenshots 2015-05-19 00006.jpg](thumb.md)
On the way back to Blackwell in Chloe's pickup, Chloe blames her misfortune on the death of her real father, William, and becomes angry with Max over leaving her. Max finds herself alone in her room contemplating the past, looking at the old photo of her and Chloe. Much to her surprise, as she focuses on the photo she begins to hear voices from the past and is transported back in time. In her thirteen-year-old body, Max is faced with the prospect of saving William and changing the course of Arcadia Bay's history. After hiding his keys to prevent him from picking up Joyce, which would have led him to a fatal car crash, Max succeeds and alters time.

The episode ends as Max discovers the wrongs she has caused by keeping William alive. Her own history changes as she is seen to be a rebellious member of the Vortex Club. The biggest shock to her system is Chloe, who is blonde-haired, wheelchair-bound and heavily reliant on her parents.



Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.