Here is a section of the wiki page for Maxine Caulfield:

## Episode One - "[Episode 1: Chrysalis](chrysalis.md)"
At the beginning of the game, Max finds herself in the midst of a fierce thunderstorm with an eerie lighthouse in the distance. Once Max reaches the lighthouse, a massive tornado comes into view from the cliff overlooking the sea. As it spins towards Arcadia Bay, it lifts a fishing boat that smashes into the lighthouse, which begins to fall on Max. Max wakes up in her photography class and deduces that it was a dream.  

Later, in the girls' bathroom of Blackwell Academy, Max witnesses [Nathan Prescott](nathan_prescott.md) in a heated argument about drugs with a blue-haired girl (who we later find out is Chloe). Nathan shoots her and Max reaches out to stop him. However, Max wakes up again in her photography class and discovers that she can manipulate time. The first significant action Max takes with this power is to save Chloe's life by activating the fire alarm before Nathan can shoot her. Coming out of the bathroom, Max stumbles upon [David Madsen](david_madsen.md), Head of Security at Blackwell Academy. He is suspicious of Max and demands an explanation for her behavior but [Raymond Wells](principal_wells.md) steps in and sends David off. Max then has a conversation with the principal, where Max makes the first major [Choices and Consequences](choice.md) - whether to report Nathan or hide the truth.

After saving Chloe, Max heads back to her [Prescott Dormitory](dormitory.md) to retrieve Warren's [Warren's Flash Drive](flash_drive.md). While there are many opportunities to talk to other Blackwell students, it is clear that she and Warren are close friends. On her way to the dorm, Max encounters Victoria and her two cronies, Courtney and Taylor, at the entrance. When they won't let her in, Max has to soak them with the sprinklers and then coat Victoria in paint before she can finally get into the dorm. Max has the opportunity to take Victoria's photo or comfort her. Once inside the dorm, Max discovers that her friend [Dana Ward](dana_ward.md) has taken the flash-drive. To get it back, she has to convince Juliet to let Dana out of the room. Juliet believes that her boyfriend [Zachary Riggins](zach.md) is cheating on her with Dana - however, the entire thing is a prank set up by Victoria. Max searches her room for evidence and brings it back to Juliet to claim Dana's freedom.  

Inside Dana's room, Max grabs the flash drive from the desk. If Max chooses to snoop, the fact that Dana was pregnant is apparent. If Max checks the garbage bin or pregnancy test kit, Dana claims she is nosy and gets upset with Max. Max can rewind and choose to ask about Dana's pregnancy instead. Flash-drive in hand, Max heads off to the parking lot across campus to meet Warren. Along the way, she comes across [Kate Marsh](kate_marsh.md) being hassled by David Madsen. Max can choose whether to intervene or take a photo. Afterwards, Max is either berated or thanked by Kate.  

Meeting Warren in the parking lot, Max is harassed by Nathan, who accuses her of being in the bathroom and spying on his argument. The argument is broken up by an oncoming [Chloe's Truck](truck.md), which happens to belong to Chloe. Max jumps in while Warren distracts Nathan, and makes her escape with her old friend. In the car, they chat about Max's lack of communication with Chloe and her time in Seattle. They head back to Chloe's house and talk about Chloe's friend Rachel Amber, and her disappearance, as well as what has been going on in Chloe's life. Max's camera is broken, so she leaves Chloe to smoke and explores the family garage to find the equipment to fix it.  

Max discovers the tools and goes back upstairs to see Chloe. She fails to fix the camera, and Chloe gives her an analog camera that belonged to her late father, William as a replacement in exchange for the butterfly photo Max took in the girls' bathroom shortly before Max saved Chloe. They celebrate by dancing to loud music, but Chloe's stepfather, who's revealed to be David Madsen, comes home and complains about the noise. Chloe tells Max to hide so she won't get caught with a friend in the room. Max chooses the outcome here - whether or not Max hides, whether Max will take the blame for Chloe or whether Max comes out of hiding or not as the scene plays out. Chloe's mood depends on what Max does. The two teenagers leave the house together and head to the lighthouse.  

Max sits with Chloe awhile before passing out in another vision of the lighthouse. She makes her way past obstacles and finds a [The Independent](newspaper.md) depicting that the date of the tornado is that Friday. Max jumps back to reality and tells Chloe about her power and the oncoming threat to Arcadia Bay.



Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.