Here is a section of the wiki page for Maxine Caulfield:

## Episode Two - "[Episode 2: Out of Time](out_of_time.md)"
The second episode sees Max awaken in her dorm room ready for a new day. She heads to the bathroom and speaks to her friend Kate, who is extremely upset over a viral video of her kissing people at a Vortex Club party. There are several choices Max can make to help or hurt Kate throughout the episode. Supporting her and taking interest in her feelings leads to Max saving Kate's life while being nonchalant and dismissive result in Kate's death.  

Max grabs a shower, listening to Victoria tormenting poor Kate in the bathroom. Max returns to her room to change and grab Kate's book to return to her. Upon returning the book, Max discovers Kate's living conditions are incredibly reflective of her friend's state of mind. Kate confides in Max about what really happened at the Vortex Club party; she thinks Nathan drugged her and promised her that she would be taken to a hospital. Kate asks for Max's help and opinion on whether to go to the police about Nathan or not. It is up to Max to make the decision.  

Max heads to meet Chloe at the [Two Whales Diner](two_whales_diner.md), and on her way is interrupted by Warren, who asks her to see a movie with him at the drive-through. Max decides whether to accept or decline. When Max arrives at the diner, Chloe's mother, Joyce, takes her order and the two have a catch-up while they wait for Chloe. Chloe chooses to test Max's new power by asking about the contents of her pockets, and Max proves herself by predicting the items in Chloe's pockets and the future of the diner inhabitants.  

Upon leaving the diner, Max gets a call from Kate - Max again chooses whether to take the call or ignore it. They head off together to the [American Rust Junkyard](american_rust_junkyard.md), where Chloe spends much of her time. Max collects bottles for Chloe's makeshift gun range and helps Chloe practice with the weapon. However, before Max can have her turn, she passes out after over-using her power.  

Unfortunately for the duo, Chloe's drug-dealer [Frank Bowers](frank_bowers.md) turns up to tell Chloe that she must pay her debt before the week is out. Chloe reacts badly to seeing Frank wearing Rachel Amber's bracelet, and begins a fight with him. Max can choose whether or not to attempt to shoot Frank. Eventually, Frank leaves with the promise of his money being paid, and the girls leave the junkyard for the train tracks.  

The two walk and talk about Frank, Arcadia Bay, and Max's power. Their chat ends as Chloe gets her foot stuck in the train tracks and Max is forced to rescue her. Max has the choice of how to rescue Chloe; either to damage the tracks or not. Either way, Chloe is saved by Max and the two head back to Chloe's truck together so that Max can go to class.  

Max is texted by Warren and goes to help him with his science experiment. Max has the choice to sign up for the next Vortex Club party at this point before helping Warren. After talking to him, Max heads to the art class to see Kate and Jefferson talking; he is unsupportive of her and she walks away swiftly. Max tries to ask what was wrong, but Jefferson takes a phone call and Max heads into the classroom. She confronts Victoria and Nathan who are sitting on her desk and then has a quick chat with Warren as he joins her and thanks her for helping him before the start of class. The class is interrupted as there is something happening in the dormitories. We discover that Kate is on the roof of the dorms, ready to jump. It's up to Max to save her.  

As Max's powers temporarily fail on her way to save her, there are no do-overs with Kate's life. Ultimately, Max chooses whether Kate lives or dies. No matter the outcome, Max ends up in the principal's office after the incident to place blame on whoever Max thinks is most at fault for Kate's suicide attempt. Jefferson, Nathan, and David are the options. The episode ends with Max and Warren discussing the day's events and marveling at the unscheduled solar eclipse which appears over Arcadia Bay.



Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.