Here is a section of the wiki page for Nathan Prescott:

## Episode Four - "[Episode 4: Dark Room](dark_room.md)" 
While investigating the Madsen garage, Max can discover a note to David from Sean Prescott, thanking him for his help with Nathan. What this means is unconfirmed. There is also an anonymous email present if David has been suspended from Blackwell, which is possibly from Nathan, regarding feelings of unease and fear at Blackwell without David there to protect the students.

Chloe and Max decide that Nathan is a crucial piece of the puzzle regarding Rachel Amber and decide to go to Blackwell to search his room. Max asks bystanders about Nathan's whereabouts to make sure he is away from the campus before safely searching his room for evidence while Chloe watches for his approach.

Nathan's room is locked before Max breaks it with a nearby fire extinguisher. Max finds the room "dark, creepy and overly tidy" and observes Nathan's characteristic black and white photos of tortured subjects on his walls. There are photos on his bed that include a dead bird, Pompidou (if he got injured in the road in Episode 3), and a black and white slideshow on the wall that plays from a projector above the bed.The images in the slideshow could be references to the German Expressionism style of photography and film, as large dense shapes and points are used. The backgrounds are highly reminiscent of *{{Wiki|The_Cabinet_of_Dr._Caligari|The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari}}*. It tells the story of an insane hypnotist who uses a somnambulist to commit murders. This can be seen as an allegory for Nathan's entanglement in Jefferson's Dark Room deeds as a manipulated victim out of their own control. In a drawer, Max can find a threatening note to Nathan from Chloe regarding him drugging her, and a picture of Chloe curled up on his floor. Nathan is seen to have very expensive camera equipment as well as an apparent bondage fetish, as thought by Max as she observes a few posted pictures of women tied in bondage ropes, however, this could be a foreshadowing of the Dark Room.
[File:Nathan best son diploma.png](thumb.md)
When Max comes across Nathan's computer, she will find tabs open for strong laxatives, emails directed to him by his father and his sister, the video of Kate "macking on dudes", and an email from him to Victoria about The End of the World Party (the email may also talk about Max depending on the decisions made previously). Max can also find a Best Son In The World Diploma from 2006 hanging on Nathan's wall, signed by his father. 
When Max is finished investigating, she pulls back the couch to reveal a clear plastic bag containing a disposable phone.

After Max leaves Nathan's room to talk to Chloe about what she found, Nathan enters the dormitory. Furious, Nathan demands to know why they're in his dorm and calls Max a "nosy bitch" as he stalks towards her. He is stopped by Chloe and then pushed away by Warren, who intervenes by headbutting him to the ground. Once on the ground, Nathan pulls out a gun. However, Warren kicks the gun out of his hand and proceeds to kick Nathan in the stomach. Max can then choose whether or not to let Warren continue.

 Max stays out of it  Max stays out of it  [File:2015-07-28 00007.jpg](thumb.md) Warren will beat Nathan repeatedly until he is crying and apologizing on the floor. Before leaving, Chloe will grab Nathan's gun and taunt him as they leave. Max can stay after Warren and Chloe leave and see Nathan curled into himself and holding his head as he lies on the ground. Nathan will say the statements, "Shit man this really hurts...", "I think my face is broken...", "sorry", and "Everybody hates me... Everybody".
|-|Max stops Warren # Max stops Warren  Nathan will stand, grab the gun, and wave it briefly at Chloe, Warren and Max, before limping away, holding his stomach while shouting, "My dad is on the way! You're all fucked! He owns you!".

Depending on previous actions, Max can get a message from Nathan as she is evaluating clues in Chloe's room, saying that they should prepare to die.
The two girls discover that Nathan scored drugs from Frank on the night of the Vortex Party--the night Kate was drugged. After combining the coordinates from David's investigation, along with photos of Nathan's license plate, Max works out where Nathan took Kate during the party: an old barn owned by [Harry Aaron Prescott](harry_aaron_prescott.md).

Inside the barn, they discover a survival bunker (the "[Dark Room (Location)](dark_room.md)") equipped with survivalist supplies and state of the art photography equipment, similar to that of Jefferson's. Red files with the names of girls written on the spines reside in one of the cabinets. Max can read a letter addressed to Nathan, telling him to behave more appropriately during phone calls in public. Max assumes this to be from his father, Sean Prescott. However, it is most likely to be from Mr. Jefferson. If Max got Nathan suspended in Out of Time, Nathan's jacket can be found on the couch in the room.

Upon examining the folders, Max and Chloe discover provocative and tortured images of Kate and Rachel bound by duct tape. Nathan is seen in a photograph of him and Rachel lying on the ground of the [American Rust Junkyard](american_rust_junkyard.md), looking "spaced out". It is uncertain whether Nathan was drugged during the shoot with Rachel.

Max and Chloe return to Blackwell to look for Nathan after discovering Rachel's body in the junkyard. While talking to students attending the End of the World Party, Max may warn them to stay away from Nathan or alert her if they see him. Max may then choose to warn Victoria about him, who will comment that Nathan is her friend and is not what everyone believes him to be. Victoria may mention that Nathan has been "freaking her out" lately, regardless of their friendship status. Most students among the likes of Alyssa, Stella, Brooke etc. will call Nathan "creepy" and report his unstable mental state and rudeness if asked about him while Vortex Club members being more forgiving.

When Max and Chloe leave the End of the World Party, Chloe gets a message from Nathan, saying that there "won't be any evidence left" after he's done. This text prompts them to rush back to the junkyard out of fear that he is going to dispose of Rachel's body. The text is grammatically correct and fully spelled out, unlike Nathan's usual style of misspellings and text language, making it obvious that the text was not sent by Nathan, but by Mr. Jefferson in order to lure the girls to American Rust, as it is Jefferson who awaits the arrival of the girls in the junkyard. Nathan is nowhere to be seen.

#



Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.