Here is a section of the wiki page for Victoria Chase:

## Episode Three - "[Episode 3: Chaos Theory](chaos_theory.md)" 

|-|Kate died# Kate died
After the death of Kate, Victoria will leave comments on Max and Kate's social media pages. Victoria will leave the message "Requiescat In Pace" on Kate's page; on Max's page, Victoria will blame Kate's death on Max by writing a nasty comment to say that she hopes Max at least got a selfie out of it. Victoria will also change the message on her slate, as do most of the other girls staying in the dormitory. She will write: "Wherever you go, there I am".
|-|Saved KateSaved Kate
After Kate is persuaded to come down and is warded in hospital, Victoria will leave a comment on Kate's social media page. It will say, "Sending love to you, Kate". Victoria will also change the message on her slate, as do most of the dormitory residents. She will write: "Wherever you go, there I am".
|-|If Max blamed Jefferson# If Max blamed Jefferson
If Max blames Jefferson for Kate's suicide attempt, a social media page in support of Mark Jefferson will be set up by Blackwell's students. Victoria will write a comment on the page to say that "The major reason I came to Blackwell was Mark Jefferson."
|-|If Max blamed NathanIf Max blamed Nathan
After Nathan is suspended from his studies at Blackwell, Nathan will send an e-mail to tell Victoria about Max getting him suspended. Nathan will also mention that he will likely have to work for his father now and says his parents had to be "dumb" if they thought he represents the family business.

Nathan also says that Max must "go down", and he changes the subject to the planned [End of the World Party](end_of_the_world_party.md) and looks for confirmation that Victoria is on his side. Victoria will reply that it was "bullshit" that Blackwell suspended him based solely on the word of Max and adds that she thought Max was trouble based on how she is with Mr. Jefferson. Victoria also confirms that she is still planning to attend the party. She tells Nathan to hang in there and says that she will send him a text message later.
Victoria will send Taylor an e-mail expressing regret over her actions towards Kate and will also sneak out of the dormitory regardless of the curfew, asking Taylor not to say anything. Dana Ward still notices Victoria left the dormitory. If Max learns from either Taylor or Dana about Victoria not being inside, she will be able to search Victoria's room, hoping to find clues connecting her to Kate. On the desk there is a photo of an intoxicated Kate, taken by Victoria, and a photo of Victoria and Nathan taking drugs.

Meanwhile, Victoria goes to find Jefferson to help review her portfolio. As Max and Chloe are on their way to enter the main building of Blackwell Academy, Victoria is seen exiting it together with Jefferson, forcing the girls to hide. She thanks him for the help; Jefferson tells Victoria that he hopes the rest of his class will follow her example and apologizes for being distracted over the situation caused for Blackwell Academy from Kate Marsh's suicide attempt. Victoria tells Jefferson that he can talk to her anytime. Victoria calls Kate “Katie”, which takes Jefferson by surprise, and he tells Victoria that he wasn't aware that the two of them were close.

Victoria then asks how Kate’s situation will affect the Everyday Heroes Contest, dodging Jefferson's questioning and curious comment on her closeness with Kate.

|-|If Max blamed Mark# If Max blamed Mark
Jefferson replies that Kate’s situation will not affect the Everyday Heroes contest and then says he will not be around to represent it because of Max accusing him of having responsibility for what happened with Kate. Victoria slams Max in response, saying that her photo submission is sure to be a selfie. 

Victoria insists to Jefferson that her entry is the better choice as he has already seen it and knows this to be the case. She refers to Jefferson by his first name (Mark), seductively implying how cool it would be for them to hang out together in [San Francisco](san_francisco.md) if he picked her as the winner. Jefferson tells Victoria to "stick to Mr. Jefferson, please" and says once again that he will not be going to San Francisco.
|-|If Max blamed Nathan or DavidIf Max blamed Nathan or David
Jefferson replies that Kate’s situation will not affect the Everyday Heroes contest and then says he still has to pick a winner to represent Blackwell. He adds that he has all the photo submissions from everyone in his photography class except for Max’s entry. Victoria slams Max in response, saying that her photo submission is sure to be a selfie. Victoria insists to Jefferson that her entry is the better choice as he has already seen it and knows this to be the case. She refers to Jefferson by his first name (Mark) as she seductively implies how cool it would be for them to hang out together in San Francisco if he picked her as the winner. Jefferson tells Victoria to "stick to Mr. Jefferson, please" and tells her again that he hasn't picked a winner yet.

Victoria tries to press her claim by telling Jefferson that he already loved her work and won't be playing favorites if he chooses her entry. She adds that they would be spending a lot of time together if she was chosen and that it would be fun for them to be together.

Jefferson replies that he will pretend he didn't hear anything Victoria has suggested and starts to leave. Victoria doesn't give up and attempts to blackmail Jefferson by saying that she might have to tell people that he offered to choose her photographs for "favors or something". Jefferson continues to stand firm, stating that as a favor to her future, he would pretend he did not hear her undisguised threat.

Jefferson then says the conversation is officially over and suggests that Victoria return to her dorm room. Victoria tries to rescind her previous statements but fails, causing her to feel angry and embarrassed. As she leaves to head back to her dorm, she passes Max and Chloe who are 

Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.