Here is a section of the wiki page for Victoria Chase:

both hiding behind a signboard, unaware that they have seen and overheard everything.

|-|If Max blamed Jefferson# If Max blamed Jefferson
If Max blamed Jefferson, Victoria will send her two SMS messages:
"I thought you might be ready for the Vortex Club, but after that shit you pulled with Jefferson NO FUCKING WAY."

"You're such an emo-queen that you didn't want anybody going with him to SF. You're even too much of a pussy to enter your own cliche selfies in one dumb contest. It's all about MAX. Even going to the roof was about showing off, not saving Kate. I'm going to make sure NOBODY at Blackwell is fooled by your "Woe is Max" act. Get ready."

When Max prevents [William Price](william_price.md)’s death later in this episode, she creates an [Alternative Timeline](alternative_timeline.md). When she “wakes” in the new timeline, she is a member of the Vortex Club and friends with Victoria, who calls her “Maxine”.

Victoria, noticing Max has zoned out, asks if she is okay, only to be corrected with the "Max-never-Maxine" rule. Victoria acknowledges her error and asks if “Mad Max” is angry at her, and then offers Max to join her to smoke drugs in the girls bathroom; however, Max runs off suddenly, abandoning the Vortex Club members on the lawn. ## Episode Four - "[Episode 4: Dark Room](dark_room.md)" 
In the alternative timeline, Victoria is friends with Max. She ends most of her texts to Max with "Love you!" and often craves for Max's attention, sending many texts in a short period of time. Max, on the other end, doesn't seem to treasure their friendship as much as Victoria does; typical "Queen-Bee" behavior.

Chloe and Max discover an empty folder bearing Victoria's name in the [Dark Room (Location)](dark_room.md). Max concludes that it is highly probable that Victoria is the next victim scheduled for the illegal drugging and photography sessions in the bunker. Her connection to Jefferson as a flirtatious love interest and vulnerable student make her the ideal candidate.

Victoria is found by Max in the VIP section of the End of the World Party, talking in a group along with [Logan Robertson](logan_robertson.md). Upon seeing Max, she tells her that this section of the party is restricted to Vortex Club members. Max tells her to "go fuck her selfie" due to her urgency to find Nathan. Victoria remarks that it is a "cute comeback", and Max continues the conversation intending to figure out where Nathan is. Max then has the option of whether or not to warn Victoria about the Dark Room.

|-|Warn VictoriaWarn Victoria
{{#tag:tabber|Comforted Victoria and didn't become enemies# Comforted Victoria and didn't become enemies
Max tries to warn Victoria about Nathan and to stay away from him. Victoria mentions that Max was nice to her on Monday in spite of Victoria's earlier behavior. She then compliments Max for being one of the coolest people at Blackwell, because Max doesn't care about other people's opinions. After that, Victoria says: *"To be honest, Nathan has been freaking me out lately... He’s not here and I haven’t seen him."* Before ending the conversation, Max advises Victoria to stay close to her friends. Victoria says that Max should do the same and should text her if Max needs anything. 
{{!}}-{{!}}Made fun of Victoria or chose to be enemiesMade fun of Victoria or chose to be enemies
Max tries to warn Victoria about Nathan and to stay away from him. Victoria will imply that Max is the drama queen among the two of them.  She then says that Nathan is one of her best friends and attributes Max's warning to her being jealous that Victoria might win the contest. She says that since they are at a party, she wants to get wasted, and dismisses Max.
}}
|-|Don't warn Victoria# Don't warn Victoria
Max states that it was good talking to her, and depending on Max's conversation choices, Victoria can respond negatively by accusing Max of being jealous of her doing the things Max can't, like putting her work out there for everyone to see or admit that she's a bitch and state that they're adults. Max then asks for Nathan's whereabouts, and Victoria states that she hasn't seen him at the party.

Just as Max and Chloe are about to leave the party, Jefferson arrives to announce the winner of the "Everyday Heroes" contest. The response from the crowd when Victoria is declared the winner is mixed: some people jeer while others applaud. Victoria thanks Jefferson for his photography and thanks the other students for being so dedicated with their pursuit. She then dedicates the prize to Kate. Her speech ends with one last jeer from the crowd: "You suck, Victoria!"



Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.