Here is a section of the wiki page for Victoria Chase:

## Episode One - "[Episode 1: Chrysalis](chrysalis.md)" 
Victoria is one of the first people we meet in the game. In Jefferson's art class, her phone rings during the lectureThe call seems to be from [Zachary Riggins](zachary_riggins.md), as his nickname "Zach" (it reads as "Zak") is displayed on Victoria's mobile phone as well as a picture that resembles him. ; Victoria seems to be courteous enough to have the phone on silent mode. However, when she answers Jefferson's questions, she makes fun of Max for not having the immediate right answer, telling her she is "in the retro zone". Victoria stays behind after class to talk to her teacher, taking a provocative pose next to his desk and clearly flirting with him. She is abrupt and rude if Max interrupts the conversation to talk with Jefferson at his request. 
Victoria's flirting is again mentioned if Max talks with [Stella Hill](stella_hill.md), and the two agree that Jefferson isn't responding to her blatant flirting. If Max talks to [Alyssa Anderson](alyssa_anderson.md), she says, jokingly, that she'll soon be bonding with Victoria at the Vortex Club.

Max later encounters Victoria, Taylor and Courtney on the steps in front of the [Prescott Dormitory](prescott_dormitory.md), obstructing the entrance. Victoria makes fun of Max, taking an unflattering photo of her and boasting that it will be uploaded to social media. Max switches on the sprinklers, soaking the steps and the three girls. By tampering with janitor [Samuel Taylor](samuel.md)'s paint bucket, Victoria gets covered in paint. Complaining about her cashmere sweater being ruined, she sends Taylor and Courtney into the dorms to get a towel for her. She sits alone on the steps to await their return, and Max can speak to her in order to get past her.

Comfort Victoria# Comfort Victoria If Max comforts Victoria, she tells her she has good taste in fashion and that she's sorry about the sweater getting ruined. Victoria appreciates this and promises Max that she won't put her bad picture online. She then lets Max into the dorm. 
|-|Make Fun of VictoriaMake Fun of Victoria If Max takes the unflattering photo of Victoria, she makes fun of her and the two become more at odds. Later, Victoria will still post Max's unflattering photo in return. Later in the game, she will also trash Max's bedroom and write a mean message on her mirror. 

In the dorms, we learn that Victoria was sending inappropriate emails and texts to [Zachary Riggins](zachary_riggins.md), who is [Juliet Watson](juliet_watson.md)'s boyfriend. Max is forced to search Victoria's bedroom for proof in order to clear [Dana Ward](dana_ward.md)'s name, since Victoria had accused her of sexting with Zachary instead. We discover many things about Victoria from her possessions: she has expensive taste, and she enjoys causing drama. Max also has the possibility to reorder Victoria's photo wall to leave behind a message.



Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.