Here is a section of the wiki page for Victoria Chase:

## Episode Two - "[Episode 2: Out of Time](out_of_time.md)" 
When Max leaves [Max's Room](her_dorm_room.md), Victoria is seen telling Courtney to make sure her paper is finished by that evening. Courtney reassures Victoria that she will get the tests and papers as soon as possible. It's made clear by this and other papers in her room that Victoria's academic work isn't all her own.

When [Kate Marsh](kate_marsh.md) is brushing her teeth in the dorm bathroom, Victoria enters with Taylor and asks Kate about her viral video, making fun of her. When Kate leaves, unaware of the fact that Max can hear them from a shower cubicle, Victoria tells Taylor that she believes Nathan hooked Kate up with drugs. She then remarks on how she still has white paint on her face after the incident the day before. She sarcastically thanks Taylor for taking her time on bringing her the towel and that she should start hanging out with Kate and Max instead. Taylor changes the topic to Max, and depending on Max's previous choice, Victoria will either be furious at Max or will just say, "I hate that 'I'm so quirky' crap". Before Victoria leaves the bathroom, she writes the link to Kate's video on the girls' bathroom mirror with red lipstick. Max has the option to rub it off to protect Kate.

If Max made fun of Victoria and posted the unflattering picture of her online, she will find her room trashed when she comes back from her shower. A message on her mirror will read "CRAPPY ARTIST FILTHY WHORE", and Max comments that it must be from Victoria.

If Max reorganized Victoria's photos, she will mess up her room slate and the box of cookies won't be seen until the next episode.

Later in the episode, Victoria and Nathan sit together on Max's desk in Jefferson's classroom, specifically attempting to antagonize her. Depending on Max's choices regarding her conversation with Principal Wells about Nathan, and the reaction to the paint scenario, the dialogue will be different when Max talks to them.

Make fun/Hide the truth# Make fun/Hide the truthAs Max walks over to her desk, Nathan will say, "Here comes the mysterious Max. Disguised as a pixie hipster", and Victoria will join in by saying, "I want that photo, whore. Or I get nasty." Max will reply that it is too late for that, and Nathan will comment that he enjoys watching girls fight.
|-|Comfort/Hide the truthComfort/Hide the truthAs Max walks over to her desk, she will ask if she can sit down. Victoria will get up and say, “I don’t know... Can you?” before moving to another table. Nathan will comment that they should let Max have the desk because it's “the only thing she's got”.
|-|Make fun/Report Nathan# Make fun/Report NathanAs Max walks over to her desk, Victoria will say, "I want that photo, whore. Or I get nasty", to which Max replies that it is too late for that. Nathan thinks this comment towards Victoria is a “burn”, noting that Max seems fearless now. Max asks if she can sit at her desk, and Victoria will tell her, "Don't get cocky. This isn't over." Nathan agrees, warning Max that things are just starting for her.
|-|Comfort/Report NathanComfort/Report NathanAs Max walks over to her desk, Nathan says to Victoria, "Better be quiet, Victoria. We have a master snitch and liar here." Victoria makes fun of Max for perhaps thinking they were now going to be “best friends forever” based on Max's moment of kindness towards her outside the dormitory, which Max shrugs off. Nathan calls Max an attention whore, to which Max retorts, ”You would know” before asking to sit at her desk. Victoria moves aside and tells Max to take a selfie of this moment, and Nathan chimes in, adding, “So I don’t forget about you.”

Later, we see Victoria along with Taylor recording Kate on the roof. At the end of the episode, Victoria is seen crying, likely because she feels guilty about posting the viral video of Kate. Nathan comes to her room to comfort her.



Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.