Here is a section of the wiki page for Zeitgeist Gallery:

## Lower-Floor Exhibit Room 
Once Max walks down the short amount of stairs, she will reach the lower-floor exhibit room. This room is significantly smaller than the other parts of the gallery. In the exhibit room, three sections of the room are designated. The largest section has a display stand with three black metal humanoid statues in ethereal poses. Their faces and torso are detailed while the limbs are more minimalistic. These statues are a reminiscence of the "Ministry of silly walks"-sketch from Monty Python. Each statue is mounted on an irregularly shaped rectangle of the same material with green spots on it. This section also has three grid-like windows on the ceiling with etched glass. The other two sections display photographs. They both have low cushioned seats that take up the majority of the floor space of said sections. The photo on the left section is a couple with canes walking through a winter forest. There are six photos on display in the right section, three columns with two photos each. The first column has an elderly person playing a guitar on a street corner and a street artist drawing on pavement with people crowding around them. The second column has a hunter and their dog out in winter and the other photo is of two police officers. The third column has an adult comforting a child and a couple embracing with one of them in an armed forces uniform, presumably coming home from battle. All of the photos in this section are square.

All Three Statues Zeitgeist Gallery.png|All three statues on their display.
Left Statue Look Zeitgeist Gallery.png|Left-most statue.
Middle Statue Look Zeitgeist Gallery.png|Middle statue.
Right Statue Look Zeitgeist Gallery.png|Right-most statue.
Couple with Canes Walking in Snow Zeitgeist Gallery.png|Photo in left section.
Person Playing Guitar, Person Sleeping, Person with Cane and Dog, Two Police Officers, Teenager and Cat, Couple Embracing Zeitgeist Gallery.png|Photos in right section.

#



Generate five trivia questions relevant to this section of the page.